test:  creates a reorder suite for all control-n objects .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx for the rfxtrx sensor .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test that the setup of the missing probes dictionary should be used as expand values .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach a voters mechanizm info as total content of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds paths to a theme with the given path .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   debug
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template based on a document .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a file to a list of paths .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a l{deferred} function that formats the contents of the provided file path .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   add
truth:  get   get

test:  write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  display   file
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a test unless a function with the given name .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  decoded   step
truth:  null   method

test:  program tools to make futures for a vcs tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  attribute   builder
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this fixture to change the default celery fixture for the given test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  override   fixture
truth:  redefine   null

test:  a decorator for minimal methods which automatically return a section of a function .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  parse a string to a datetime .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' file given a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  returns an iterator over nodes belonging to a given in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  uses the users brands and background color .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  detach   user
truth:  process   process

test:  try to convert a wsdl input to a wsdl wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  set   a

test:  decode a list of all the given string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  inner < 1 .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   sqrt
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  return the left weighted tree for the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  take   object
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect any data from the session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  close   null
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  compute content and trailing whitespace .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  fix   line

test:  modify like function .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all the keywords in a given query .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   remove
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a symlink from a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  validate the exception of arguments according to a client that we can do not affected zip .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  handle   request
truth:  request   request

test:  return a tuple of seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  take   function
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  indexing indices for it took through a subset of time and train .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a classical partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert x ordering of position in sequence .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  value   remove
truth:  given   null

test:  get the ifttt log order .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  control   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  right an error if the range greater than right characters .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  limit   sum
truth:  decorate   a

test:  escape up something matching the given patterns and 3 spaces .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  build   a

test:  this script tests the main program sets up the main method .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  parses   host
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task a task .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  put   checks
truth:  start   start

test:  return whether the sample element is present in the same way .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  generates   find
truth:  yields   null

test:  see sysctl .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  prompt   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for a django request object .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a library .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  defines   null

test:  split a value only if the version has a specific value .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  send haproxy socket haproxy backend socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   blocks
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attempts to return a directory and subdirectories of a python cookbook .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  to   null
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file server on the file server .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  title-case the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a helper function for the l{error_class_map} that returns the traceback value of a string are the correct variable .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying a firstof variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  render a user string and then formats it .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free computation of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this task .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a keras covariance function to the right of a random expression i .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  cast   measure
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume services .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this is a lambda function representing the predicate for which the predicate function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset tests to a task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  evaluates the busy norm of an image .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a set of both two dictionaries in-place .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  create   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  take the cache setting for the current destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of sequence into a string .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  exit data from the source and port for source comparison of the art .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  wipe   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  returns the global storage version for a single session .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   version

test:  determine whether the namespace belongs to the namespace packages .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  attributes   format
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown a running system delay the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  name   reboot
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sort a list of sample objects in order to return a sorted list of their order .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format data tables .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  format   bytes
truth:  enable   enable

test:  fake password generation function .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  pack the directory where each path is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  pack   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a decorator for getaddrinfo .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  download current page method .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  prepares   check
truth:  run   run

test:  sets the wide value .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   hook
truth:  use   use

test:  create and initialize a python sandbox for python .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the simplest ports local ports .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  returns   breaks
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that the object is a origin resource type .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  prefix   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given a object c{obj} .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating set of the graph g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   in
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a overlay binary structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  this function returns the navigation redirect to the given .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a node cli examples: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   cast
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  used to prepend the options .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a file system .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  encodes   set
truth:  set   x

test:  find the sequence of values from the partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  extracts   like
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the name of the named user .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the list of all 3 fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for main loop .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns the fields for a given sqlalchemy wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the absolute path to a file path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   filename
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all url .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if port can be treated as a string .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary of false: based on each of the graph g in g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  filters all records in the supplied records .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  calls   in
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  transform the transfer .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  transform   output
truth:  replace   a

test:  return a path relative to the page .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant client .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   information
truth:  set   up

test:  returns background module .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given an user object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  new modules .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a legend string and returns a list of linear locations representing the page number .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  takes   detach
truth:  function   function

test:  prepare and delay for the specified period .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  emulate   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active proxy header .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  humanized   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return pickled object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update a metadef namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  get a value from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  get   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  null   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints a dict for <{col .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   params
truth:  display   display

test:  this function will try to get the cache key in the given cache .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  function   function
truth:  update   update

test:  given a dataframe .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  given   a

test:  handle exception specifications for code name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  writes path to the built-in socket file for path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  change the group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore data from a fits file using the spider command line .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  yield dependencies and provides multiple dependencies of the given plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of rights from collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single python snippet should identify through a flag .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  if the task has been entered .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  deprecated in the format based on the current timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of the else that we know it doesnt get too long .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack the given python object to a packer object .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  matching   multiple
truth:  object   object

test:  override and render default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  override   override

test:  try to get the reversed url for the given route name .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from svn after svn install from svn sources .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  generate a list of member * [1]_ .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  generate   pretty
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are a set of dependent items and whose nested lines are a set of dependent items and whose nested number of dependent
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   keys
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  fix a file of root directory cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  keeps   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  return the conjugate of n composite matrices from c .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync saltenv modules from salt://_grains to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   returner
truth:  sync   sync

test:  wrap the object formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  replace   conversion
truth:  null   null

test:  handles an email of the primary user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  view   helper

test:  registers a list of objects for a u'%s-%s' u'%s-%s' {% if passed .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  registers   print
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a helper function for the first argument type of a string x .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a demo database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  validate and package_path .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  asserts   error
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert function to easy .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the directory for desktop .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  override   override

test:  given the contents of a given file .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  given   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wrap methods that may or method of callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the network or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot generates the state of a build step that creates the build step plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escape all urls that arent regex .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  split the output of the plain pickle resource into a plain plain module .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random random ascii string .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generates   search
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove me! and fails .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  filter   signal
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the first list that starts the value given a list of dicts .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if there are any minimal arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize and json so that it can be adapted safely be colormap or an application document .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   workaround
truth:  serializes   a

test:  make a set of scene .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  takes   details
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait for a value to finish within the response .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a javascript pipeline object to use for git-commit(1)_ .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   urls
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a message to the given email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  return a template list of templates as a template .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of test adheres through a testcase .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in mode format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translation
truth:  read   graph

test:  this sets variable to config .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   create
truth:  casts   a

test:  get list of names of the given output .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  with colorless output should also choke .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  handle a string from a directed uninitialized .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  handle   tag
truth:  returns   a

test:  update an object to its revision with the saved revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate protected facts to be import .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  migrate   replace
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test any of an exceptionrecorder .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   property
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly save an element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  documenting groebner using groebner author .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  adjust the region of the nn order to overhang references .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  adjust   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses the pair and exactly one long .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  is user a user .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test to make sure a url when https is not changed .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  calendars a calendar to the given id if a calendar has with a log .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  to   number
truth:  persists   new

test:  return main loop for __init__ .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  return   function
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the file or raise an exception if path has been deleted .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of valid netstat names .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  given a dict of documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if the parameters for the current user .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  turns any arrays into a list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of tags from text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  validates a list of images .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  pair   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  return sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  truncates the int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  djangos   circle
truth:  convert   a

test:  check a filename for a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  used to write input input input input like 5 .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convenience function .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return a relying text representation of the openid document .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  return   network
truth:  to   null

test:  return the string response data from marathon or unicode fields .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of the sample sequence in a set of pairs .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a string length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an alert html rotation for a rotation {% load crispy_forms_tags %} {{ rotation %} .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects tutorial of active active tutorial .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  search for zen with corresponding outer modes .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  identity obj .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  obj   serializer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail only .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve a function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   load
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   update
truth:  add   add

test:  joins a single filename .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  save   os
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return images with a images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in decoded video representation .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  if request or 304 is set .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if the translation sets is enabled .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the arguments or raise an exception if args is not a valid exception .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   export
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns an iterator over each reference in the given series .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  tests that we can extend the valueerror .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  verify   error
truth:  null   censure

test:  add credentials for dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  check   a
truth:  add   add

test:  generates a list of attributes for use in a section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all directory from the user to load the directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  loads   v
truth:  return   a

test:  exceptionsdef execute application from buffer .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  mark   sets
truth:  null   reload

test:  builder -> iterator uses the first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  null   cookie
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the path/method meets the same class as theano .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list containing all python modules below the given directory .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  retrieve   package
truth:  return   return

test:  get all the ec2 retrieval .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a sequence of 'cannotloadbyte' .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute workload of a topologically dask .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  read in the syntax file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  reads   analyze
truth:  run   a

test:  for which a unix index occurs .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  null   list
truth:  executes   a

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe a single question from the system .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  unsubscribe   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  determines if a database is for the given pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  if   set
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists on the ms sql server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events that the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the list of names .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  null   gpu
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the dirty manager and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with hold arguments and david the resulting function call .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the sequence of all ids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure user ids in contributors and contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user access password cannot access the admin password .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string of parsed time and return a timezone datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the nodes of a graph from a tree of nodes which is returned by the tree starting with a tree .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  lettuce   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  returns a humanized function with a collection of status .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   nova
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert a version string into a list of know upfront .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  turns   collection
truth:  convert   version

test:  this function converts an roman to an integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  frobenious x along a continuous variable .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view that updates a enrollment flow to bypass a given course .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a passed host string to hex .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given the command line scope and a python interpreter .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  execute binary search list the virtual host via binary permissions .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  reloads   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parses a project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  restart   serialize
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure the config file and remove the ip addresses .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  removes   failure
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation for cylindrical x .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a system path to a native package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes all python files .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  update   head

test:  returns sass file by protocols and given css directory .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  reads a user from an non-interactive file of user .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the given path for a page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  module function to decode base key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  calling   wrapper
truth:  computes   a

test:  helper function to iterate over otu map operations .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all available editable and has editable be automatic to edit them .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns all files in source .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  return   a

test:  imports an object based on a string in dotted notation .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source the capability to be removed .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  create an image instance of the given image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return the volume name based on a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  using   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install the command-line arguments .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  decide if a header should be rendered in form .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return list of all the configured containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  return   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  return the minimum time of a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the disk exists for a vm .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  return   patch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  null   bottom

test:  set the state of all the provided key values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the syntax .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member are logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this is for rows given the collapse matrix .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  is   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  calculate a number of instance number of instance number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a window for win_id more than 7 .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  adds   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return the first selector for the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  return   plugin
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  the public subdirectories -> shared by we also compare our subject .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download data for server features .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  download   permissions
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the file to load for the given filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a relation .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  file   multiply
truth:  create   lhs

test:  takes a list of shape into multiple lines of the given memory tuple .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  iterator   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  lists metadata for the file .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  upload   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  flow   flow

test:  wrap each file in separate ids from a list of files .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  choose   parameter_type_list
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  provide a context manager that can be used by an arbitrary test .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  provide   clients
truth:  null   a

test:  given a string object .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  given   value
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a collection representation of a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return a list of all reservations .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  link the link to link in url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  link   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  splits a list into a dictionary of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   set
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test the rtmockclient .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   methods

test:  return note at most traffic server .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  estimate rankvals .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  takes   product
truth:  tie   correction

test:  if a scan value of a scan id is running for a scan task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   status

test:  text text update else .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   update
truth:  input   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new tenant and checks if a tenant exists .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the total neighbors of the given vectors .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  searches for timer .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  translate the given pattern to a wildcard device .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test that the duplicate tree is properly applicable .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare difference of a and b .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return a string representing the configuration of the given plugin parameter .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve quota state for current thread .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute break break into account keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a dictionary of fields into a list of fields .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  decodes   helper
truth:  given   null

test:  draw a circular layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   function
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the list of all blobs of a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  manage snmp state of the desired user .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  make sample table for applying a sample table code .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  create   host
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a list of compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  return   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the xml element from the same thing as the minifier module .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  construct an image path from the database .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  construct   properties
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns string .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the color function from cubehelix to {u'red' .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  color   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test tight_layout positions .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add subscription for project and all pages .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  add   checks
truth:  filter   filter

test:  creates a daemon stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return a list of index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  return   exists
truth:  null   null

test:  update password from a postgresql password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   update
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the x and see if the list of acceptable .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  formats   implementation
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of strings of running this minion cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  sends   a

test:  return an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  the watch of the watch database .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  the square matrix for square .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   values
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the cpu flags are available .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  the average cost function .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on linux systems with solaris .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   rbac
truth:  work   work

test:  return the used used for a given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a document and return its json representation .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  the attributes for an element via tuple of column elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   find
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a vm by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks if the rule for the method exists .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  sets   handles
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json representation of stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the exception but allow whitespaces to one-hot requests .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  replaces or *x* warning and salt for the entire error of *x* .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  disable   decorator
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content objects .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an http proxy .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates and return the hash directory described by cord .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  given a list of correlation have datastore .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  given   boolean
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection of the given thenewattribute .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return height ratio where tiles is convolution .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the one score of a classification score .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return file uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  rewrite specific config value to the start of a key .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  null   null

test:  efficiently use function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  serializes   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  create organization in %s and unique name .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  create   input
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  code that creates an application key .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  function   function
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return file names .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  transform the handles response body into a python .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build out the text block with a description of tokennames .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  build   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  imports the user model in a list of fields read from an hdf5 file .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split the nodes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return whether a locale representation lie and representation lie http request .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  given   interface
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure we can tokenize compatabile objects .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a grid according to a given grid parameters axes : matplotlib representation of an setup .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   a

test:  convert py3 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   disk
truth:  open   playlists

test:  retrieve an existing resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  look   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if filename is a string .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  module: the sensible custom implementation .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  function   try
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the unix coords for the current environment .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   configure
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of targets in the target list available as defined by kwargs .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of the given map/provider/instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   log
truth:  execute   a

test:  retrieve all the number of objects for a given projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to return a cpu cpu dbms of data .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  given   a

test:  return the negative bit array of : int .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has the permission to use .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict of old engine .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps names of whitespace characters .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  wraps   argument
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a log requests .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the given response returns a new one .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  this is a wrapper around the table parameters table : str or the data in the table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test for testing started .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   things
truth:  null   style

test:  create a external domain for the given domain name .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the user name for the defined process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for ordered() .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  store /etc/default/networking .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  authenticate   log
truth:  if   null

test:  join the sympy tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  cleanup   content
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compose docker bad docker .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mock case .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   check
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the provided address is a release for this process .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test the url for galaxy views .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   test
truth:  mock   mock

test:  touch the given touch .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  determine   attribute
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the log-det slices for the correlation matrix .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  take   information
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get a versioned version for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets tuple from a heappush that gauss-chebyshev from maximum: into a tuple .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  limit   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  make the results of selected data .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  call   code
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call pathname on all pathname .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  call   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries of files contained in a single dictionary .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  returns true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  a generator function for the lines of a file .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  return   columns
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification on a given user .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   event
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   list

test:  return the url to use for urls .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict containing a distributed signature string .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like wait .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  to   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  perform a string using a numeric numeric looks like a revision .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes the last exception type .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return a binary string with name of the linux flag .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  the *n* report function .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  sum   sum

test:  helper function to check if this field should be used to true for select_related() views .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  starts   run
truth:  start   start

test:  create the optimizer of the given environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  context   context

test:  test a class or object returns: enum .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read graph object from a string using pickle .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  return   content
truth:  pickled   load

test:  set up the logging output .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  configure   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - used for autocompletes - used by autocompletes filter .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  like split() .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  =   topics
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the factorial factorial of the given differential equation .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  list the installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   runs
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb model db object .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a file name into a filesystem name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   user
truth:  convert   a

test:  for each integer returns a faa .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  construct   split
truth:  return   return

test:  this method returns true if timings is a blending tool we can use it from a given dependency or total retries .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  show a command in a file .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  show   warning
truth:  display   nipype

test:  check if a url is currently buffered .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  performs   a

test:  a simple replacement for the given template name .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the index of the test case .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  generate   traget
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the current samplefilefor local timezone .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  show   show

test:  ensures that the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  turn   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit user release release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  create blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  display   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the instance that can be used to perform the actual fields in a range .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash on the rest api .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  string from a remote python process .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  creates   classes

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  computes polynomial nonnegative into f and g in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  control   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a vector to the given operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  reshapes   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  return the data contained in the database .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  coefficients   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  required   find
truth:  find   find

test:  make a de with multiple patches of the gradient .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a generic function that creates a module that displays the user .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  if   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the given server that enables the yaml remote location of the yaml api .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  load   windows
truth:  return   return

test:  type x along an order .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  copies   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the function is preserved from function at all of a python tree .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the text from the stream note that the content type isnt hardcoded .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the flipwritable into a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create the certificate to port byte1byte2 socket .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns the win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of all plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective discussion xblock metadata if it is cached and the user .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a template file .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   tests
truth:  generates   commands

test:  transitive exceptions by their names .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print an object as a string representation of an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add eeg to eeg reference .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  edge   reading
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a function to a fake attribute given the given target name the root level of the root node .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all system include .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns default settings .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  email   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status of the container .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close a matplotlib channel for control .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status of the service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unpack_dents direction or error handler .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  initiate   check
truth:  to   connect

test:  clears a inheritance from an object .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  clears   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  convenience function .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that adds func to call .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  by the docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  is   user
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find source files in log .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  tests socket .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  socket   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  start the cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the system change email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   login
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple index definitions documents from the metadata or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot time refresh the generic pipeline has a generic rate .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy data from a app engine apis .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the cache directory .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a string into multiple newline .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   key
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload upload url to a blob .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   decorator
truth:  update   update

test:  yaml: spatially descriptor object from specified descriptor or the descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  files   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a function as being unsafe expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the value of the two elements .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   elementwise
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n is selfridge parameters n : bool if n .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the current desktop app is running in the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  given   up
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the conditional surface of the given set of tensors .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require authentication .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the ignored file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  return an normalized with the given path .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parses a suitable command line urls and searchs do not support tool with the final project urls .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has check that the string or the state has all rights rights or the state of the page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  return the doc time and time .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  return   time
truth:  update   update

test:  the entry point should be given exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  dynamically use a gpio state for a list of json .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db are marked as expected if the on-disk file is marked as part of the on-disk file is added .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   os
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  write the specified file-like output to standard port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix lines from a comma-separated object .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid arguments .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  update a file by name .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  update   use
truth:  get   path

test:  detects if the file is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get both the segment inside the x intersections if it does .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify := .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search for ssh ssh process .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  search   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  180 a webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return all names and values in the namespace that match a given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   files
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the user is blocked or not .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the value of the json address into json body .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   format
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a filename from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator which expects the arguments of an object with a nonexistent method .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  transform connection to select suspicious pixels .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  transform   sample
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert a int value from hex string into a documentlistentry .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  to   null

test:  utility function to fix case of garbage variables in autenticate .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  define   replaces
truth:  null   locale

test:  a pickleable version of the first kind .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  check the same filter on a filtering filter .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   virtual
truth:  if   check

test:  get the absolute loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  change the server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   one

test:  decorator for utils .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  disable   k1
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the string is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   search
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single log line as a string .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   value
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the current settings in sys .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return flag as argument specification .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  normalized   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  allow response to be recent for when we want to override a handle to get a .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  allow   long
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip delimiter and merging the supplied data credentials are as when gzip .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return an object where the __init__ is given .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of a sound indexes of a sound indexes .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  download and return the cache object .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  url -> around a project structure for all the hipchat tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove th if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove all of the given plugin .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  return all the nodes of n nodes contained in node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a list of png cache for this image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph is cliques .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary descendents of exited .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   binary

test:  given a constant mode and fftconvolve .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   function
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  return a config file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  return   in
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for the message and throw a crypto exception .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  translates a zero indexed cell reference to a string of integers .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper to reset the path to the git command .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  to   module
truth:  resets   null

test:  calculates the dipole settings for a 3d image .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  html of the html .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  break   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a field in the database by name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  confirm that the data passed in data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  the ovf-specified for all the specified number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  function   metadata
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string of float into a 1d array with limited " .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  null   converter

test:  return the configuration of the rpm config file .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function which idfield field object to use for staff .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  read   settings
truth:  configure   configure

test:  return the result of idle script cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does the plot tempreturn sets of two 32-bit arrays .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  does   sets
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a list of etcd summary summary of the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the inverse independent representation of the they in p .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if *uri* is actually available or block .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  edit   time
truth:  stop   stop

test:  expand user to expand contains deployment .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  figure   figure

test:  transform image filter so that the parent of an image image can be converted to a floating point .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  color   color

test:  convert a request to a anova .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a service in the rest window .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   service

test:  given a setting .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return distance between a year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  given   return
truth:  build   build

test:  test either a python when a signal is called .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  request a new session access url in the given buckets .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  verify   url
truth:  null   api

test:  parse the same arguments as string in redis and tokenize the ints .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   scan
truth:  parse   parse

test:  computes the stable of the t of a tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  append x to a string .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  append   null
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a list of tuples representing the other function in place of the given other values .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given two numbers .
truth: two branches . 
test:  set   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file and load it into a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a proxy object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   method

test:  perform x along an axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  given   sequences
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a multiple multiple collections based on range of null .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python package from the given package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  update   update

test:  converts an inlines to a string friendly text .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  converts   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available states stored in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change process change current process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  process   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  if the database associated with the given db .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  return   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  outset   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window is today .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test template .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates the graph graph l from an index name or subsection graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assertionerror a function that wraps f and returns false .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  null   try
truth:  determine   null

test:  primorial is a sample of n items from url .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string or bytes to the renderengine .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  unicode   service
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   color
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  enable   host
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  read   read

test:  create a dotted document from a mechanism type by sorting a certain type .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  create   documents
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  iterates over a possible dictionary from options .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  installs interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert the number of int from network string into network representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  for s .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the string used to process tasks .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  return   kernel
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  add an nonce that will take the given header .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  break   attributes
truth:  null   mine

test:  return part of a matplotlib locationglobal cpu by the given locationglobal .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  return   network
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch removing cached here .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the weights of the correlation of the given distance matrix .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  returns   fn
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files below a search of predict cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot power state .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  preferred   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the wsgi gui string .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  parse   parse

test:  context manager for calling the given path and folder .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  format a string as base64 .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  format   formats
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask user prompt for a yes/no question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index factorization of degree f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate random slices for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   current
truth:  generate   generate

test:  context manager to be sent for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return commit device info cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes base64 encoded pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets a metric by name from list of module name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   accepts
truth:  change   change

test:  runs the given command and returns a partial status .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  run   +

test:  checks that the given outbox has no longer used .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  checks   scenario
truth:  assert   assert

test:  content receive .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  coerce the url to a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  send   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write the contents of the message to the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   null
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  perform an item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  null   show
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a string in iso 8601 format .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we want to run this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  long legged doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   long
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another search for last search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  ros_master_uri a labeled polynomial using leading and checking the vm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   user
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the codons 2 string into a list of the escaped architecture 2 .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  constrained   implementation
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute multinomial loss and sample .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  compute   objective
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with given id and shown it .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  return   statistics

test:  create an default formatters for the specified stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   function
truth:  build   a

test:  insert the pipeline into the extra pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   load
truth:  if   null

test:  extract tag from node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  finds   read
truth:  tag   tag

test:  given a line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  indentation   elements
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirect to the apropriate part of the response code .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  it doesnt install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  dynamically import a class and return a string representing a message path which add-on a class path to a string representation .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pubkey' region to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to filter out the current content .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  return nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a domain to write the specified domain cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validates an recaptcha field object and set it to the response for data .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  parses input value into a value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range from the first bits .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  extract all name**:: which contains an notes or general notes datetimes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  return   null
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level module import for there .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that overrides the current thread backprop .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   set
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes true if yes is true .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   sequence
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  convert input and port to port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  input   host
truth:  read   a

test:  a variable should a step with a human-friendly .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  get a list of attributes for a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if n is a threshold sequence of nodes in g or first threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches all versions of the current image to the community file .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  take   null

test:  if the message is retrieved .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return the action page for a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the absolute outgoing url to the same url as hacky .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the string for the given params and populates the context with a variable containing the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  create an script or create an exception .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  do   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a blacklisted client .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse and return hostname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  email   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  provides subject information about many devices in apps format .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  decodes   cert
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if the cinder tables to lower tables .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph for linux distribution .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using a ccitt technique based on the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  a valid python module to send the following [optional]: server .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function save two bivariate images .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  click   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  get csv file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  get   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return host own name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  download   wrapper
truth:  null   way

test:  gets the submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  consume   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running "harvest" on a subdirectory .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip test unless a test unless the condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create k attributes to remove duplicate values from a list of k values .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  create   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test if diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  array   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  write a file to the specified path .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   updates
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of all of the boolean values as a tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of common paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   null

test:  same as a virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point hull is in the loops points .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  replaces all occurances of remote words with a given newline input to the new version .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  replaces   get
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a hash returned by : the user to build new .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  takes   dict
truth:  list   muting

test:  return the result of the idle script cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sort the value of a recreates function .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  sort   function
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the per second handler that measures a function expected by the handler name .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  were   null

test:  limit limit on a upper triangular page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   rule

test:  yield the graph of the graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   fixture
truth:  run   run

test:  list all virtual queues on this minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  assert   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  moves changes to a file .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   replace
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a new package in the minion modules specified by adding the execution if the package was created this module with the services that was not reached .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  download   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the given patterns .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   list
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the softmax sum of the given floating point .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts any given data object to unicode .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  to   try

test:  return a list of number of stuck set_nodes() .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  check whether the supplied facts address is from various facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  print the list of files which match the given word .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  print   interface
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the staff auth representation of the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  logout   logout

test:  determine if system really supports ipv6 .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  convert four numeric points to np .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  called   location
truth:  function   function

test:  the error raised if an error of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  to   test
truth:  if   test

test:  returns the image after recommended if its own account is enabled .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the given object is a class name .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  helper function to get an client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dominating set of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  returns   model
truth:  return   minimum

test:  return true if text is valid .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the admin_password matrix from a sphere of matrices .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  handle   location
truth:  make   a

test:  checks given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove any given string from the given string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if there is a installed test distribution .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  build a version string using the writes and version .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  acquire a function acquire with local or the original streaming .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  batch   xor
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   performance

test:  return the first backreturn polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  converts a source .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool on a bigip device and delete a specific pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an email profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  update   logger
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that fasta scores can be used as a set of fasta scores :return: a set of fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  check   list
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return information about the content header with the http header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the following value of the current file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  set   set
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a list of cell metadata into a series of compute nodes .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  given   create
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a min_step email to a line3dcollection class object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the container .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  rename   header
truth:  convert   a

test:  test if a single tree can accept records .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double double double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  extracts the route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get memcache environment overrides string .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   none
truth:  get   a

test:  list vhosts' 2: via rabbitmqctl virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  assigns the status of a resource .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  submits   sets
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to use for evennia .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   shortcut
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create new visitors visitors end datetime object from all supplied start and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  for the migration level settings .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  wraps   settings
truth:  executes   null

test:  check the given package path for the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple types works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a dataset .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a private key and return a tuple .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of the tables in the journalist table .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  return   table
truth:  make   null

test:  download job list of artifact .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to add a test to the wrapped task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  convert   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a date string suitable for display in the current time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a message on a given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object for this module .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if an existing vm is available .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local connectivity of nodes and maximum nodes .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize bootstrap credentials .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find and return the home at a given tree clades .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  function   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  displays a b0 block .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  to   a
truth:  print   print

test:  list all user ids of the user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  list   decorator
truth:  updates   updates

test:  initialize
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   i
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return all perl modules cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  yield all possible expressions and exceeds the comment .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse describes the right boolean boolean boolean boolean has a backup-list and not make sure the table has specifying on their boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the output .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the user is enabled and the experiment body of the experiment database .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  if zero is shared variable of the same shape .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  value   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a system time the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  returns html page url .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  prefix prefix to be stored in python installation .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  prefix   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an active draft depending on the public draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the node value of the given node or an old node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   collar

test:  free power of indices of p onto a tuple of indices .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential exponential autocorrelation theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   output
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a string representing the credentials of the current traffic .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  review review request if a power message if available .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  review   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow files and identifier of twisted/trial/test .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find matches with side matches the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   utility
truth:  get   get

test:  escape all special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  context manager to use for request users in the context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  context   context

test:  replace local folder folder path .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  replace   check
truth:  if   check

test:  quote spatial arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  copy a caller function or method at the decorated function .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  force a single site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  force   results
truth:  run   a

test:  test that divides can access present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test event filters and pull event account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  send   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to get an certificate from a certificate given an certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this returns a string containing the 1900 for the user or transferring date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   return
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  generate a numpy sample of points for each dataset .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete an keys from datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  t-ev of the null of the mean lamda restrictions: restrictions: lamda restrictions: - lamda = sum{_p}sum{_k} .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  model   model

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: if possible version .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   a
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  connect to an object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  find   function
truth:  function   function

test:  main method for confirm that need to be written in sequence of base signatures filters .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns commit information for a remote repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the circular squares for [[[ .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  computes   quaternion
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a model fields for all existing user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  computes the cumulative density function for the normal distribution .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  generates   a

test:  the entry point to a course certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  list   list

test:  return obj for a unicode object .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  this parses the next ip address string into a signed signed string of the given file-like object .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is non-empty and type does not catch garbage delta .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  return a row from a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the list of keys from the data buffer .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return the expression component of the probability ebeta + .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  return   sigmoid
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a given course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   back
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  'clustercommit' a riak cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  func   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  a generator that exists in a list of strings or contains the given object .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  object   set
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a python delimiter .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   csv

test:  calculate the checksum of a h3 .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   content
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  in case of non-existing by applying errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the mrjob and pyos_inputhook .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  fixture   plotting
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a python string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a lazily from ras to a lambda function .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  make   a

test:  add a given channel rule for a given event channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a token from regular expression but needed to 2 .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  scan   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist for path .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient gradient for the given css from the css window .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   a

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new copy of request object .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  initialize   current
truth:  if   current

test:  the program before processing the program .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  server   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  given a user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  given   set
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a string like nt times .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a plot serie .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   bar

test:  force unicode value to use in a string .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  force   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  convert the given list of indices .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  converts   a

test:  computes md5 hash of string into passed hash algorithm .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  initialize   hex
truth:  using   encoder

test:  download a config .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has check that the string passed in the context .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return the locale used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test git .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified position .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  ensure that a given font ends with respect to matrices are given .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  ensure   linux
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write ignores data to standard out of writing 1 .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   representation
truth:  writes   null

test:  makes the collection metadata- server .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  function   request
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the user for this minion cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   error
truth:  get   get

test:  given the given pending upload entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  extends   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple view that takes a template and returns a template for it .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  view   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if apt connection exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  get   chocolatey
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  return a random chance object for func .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  return   print
truth:  select   null

test:  if the reader histogram .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  load   load

test:  return a spectral 'graphisempty of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  update the gui in the same way as html .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  update   object
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an context dictionary in the context of a python jndi application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a pickled excepterror data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the file that a template file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the distance between two continuous likelihood parameters reference : float value of the array label : boolean values of total likelihood : array_like probabilities or list of izip .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check to see if version is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle the order function of the input n by making the order of the input n .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  select   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  the main program .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   script

test:  determine if a string is some unicode strings .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   text
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the array isnt in hashlib such that it is generated .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  lettuce   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  return the alignment formatting of others based on source stock .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  view users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  view   users
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given x_{1}^e is any existing source stcs .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write data to a string tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representation of a pattern is either the following region or a possible pattern .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  write a file to a destination .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  parses help for instance .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  called   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the regularized density function of the independent order .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  notify the existing object .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  add   add

test:  assign a group to the provided group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using zero customercare-format algorithm in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to convert a numpy playlist string to an existing object .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  test that certificate has a certificate .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  install a message and enqueue it with a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in sequence .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  encrypts a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  encrypts   url
truth:  hash   a

test:  replacement for dig signature .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  log an option with a logical option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the characters of msg to the left by checking the characters .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  map   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  adds a cluster to a cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  adds   cache
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return whether the host is present in the system .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  saves the logger .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  log   syntax
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy the specified docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return a directory which is distance to the loadtxt point .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   identity

test:  setup and return all modules under the current folder .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  null   find
truth:  loads   everything

test:  returns allow imports to display authentication .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  instruct that the organization of the current application .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise an variable .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  work   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  settings   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : sequence sep field_seq | enum_item field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a wrapper around the first search function .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return flattened configuration file .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert string to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   uses
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper for downloading data from a 2d segments .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  mark magic methods while an issue deprecation super class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header if charset is what it gets the outline that charset is what characters in the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   virt
truth:  add   character

test:  clear the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  called   null

test:  a class decorator to register a class to be easily .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of effective version and version .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   downloads
truth:  return   information

test:  parse query queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  shows an object as response .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  run pylint from environment vars .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  run   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  returns syntax with the current request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  replaces   use
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of the tenant field named tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  returns   a

test:  updates ) from rfc 2617 note: should be done or update .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  updates   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns current time in the given date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   current

test:  if the mapnode should also replace needs an empty resource assigned to the page .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue a catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the derivative of the binomial delta .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  determine   error
truth:  apply   apply

test:  helper method to create the series of path_info .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  open a package if python is run in the server using the given version of the current release .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  is   python
truth:  if   check

test:  test for issue #5617 .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent text that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump all the following node nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates an pushes .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the logging .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the first word of the given line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and return a more quickly analysis of a more quickly versions of the ora2 versions .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return a map of art for each art or none .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  return   set
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  elementwise numel of array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   duplication
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task and send incoming fields and update the router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  block   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  the trimmed standard deviation of given limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  runs   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively sort keys that has a dictionary .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the backing device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the config file location for the call to hold its config so the state of the state of the balancer .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return nonen coefficient of f .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all given hosts .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  removes user from edx global switch .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  call both the both function as requisite and returns a time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   timeit

test:  returns a dictionary of dictionaries from a and b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  change   change

test:  change the container description of and check its fully fully qualified path to the container parent distribution .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  display view associated with the given queryset .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns from ipython string representation of the given ipython and an ipython type .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  ip   return
truth:  if   check

test:  provided mean of a lambda function .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a generic view for checking if a given list of return contains a local extension .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct spatial router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it isnt in a python 3 .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   validate

test:  the default webtest function .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  limit until it has a new update .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  scaling   status
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  run pyenv python implementation cli example: .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  return   pyenv
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a copy of a file-like object .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a string like 5 days .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  parse   a

test:  horizontal laplace on an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  ignore the $geometry token by quote_escape .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   prompt
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  default queue callback for remote server .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a list of the lexers from the source .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of an ifttt channel channel .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  obtain   status
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a signed bit integer representing the raw bit use for a long .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap up bash to bash table .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   host
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive timezone into a string .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   try
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of the numpy random variables should call the expected value of the gaussian random variables .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  creates an event object that can be easily we need to show an event prompt for the event prompt .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  turns an int into a decimal string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import imports .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   app
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for errors in this list .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   host
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts the user for testing the given alternatives integer .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  prompts   input
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator: like function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up up to the log .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public *host* server url for the given jupyterhub instance .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named mime is absent on the system .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  return a single space of whitespace characters .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   json
truth:  return   a

test:  add new redirect response .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the given formset and formset it to be used when a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a static page with a plus setting .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  error   null
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  registers configuration via the given arguments .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a list of members in the supplied collection of wrong and right tenants files .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  compare   compare

test:  update params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  selected   npm
truth:  test   parameters

test:  set widgets class in a given field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   gateway
truth:  add   a

test:  inject a specific section of a specific section .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert 'hypervisor' to the 'hypervisor' .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  use   disk
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method that does not cast with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns characteristics of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  terminate is part of a replay .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  is   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert argument into a function .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  turns   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse metadata from an ftp or die file .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts hsv tuple on 360 scale to rgb color scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   a
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  validate a single object within the passed in .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all the contents of a list of filesystem statements .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   tfr
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the partial value for the columns of a dag .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  arrays   compute
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if chocolatey is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  run multiple esxcli regex from the network configuration .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  configure   hosts
truth:  set   set

test:  parses a pdb file into a list of pdb objects .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  save   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an integer option .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generator which supports all ignored files from a cloudformation file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  context   file
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for writing which may check if a mongodb already exists .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  look   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   server
truth:  enable   enable

test:  remove any logging levels .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator: that overriding the descriptor .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list the given job id and associated with the given jid .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  list   null
truth:  store   store

test:  retrieve the last message sending skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  recursively find files from glob but should also be found in the given snippet .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reuse all objects in the current thread and bad time .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  is   null
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the number of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the contents of a resource object as a string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  return   check
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns primers and reverse assets .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return theano dimension as fourth at *x*; args .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  null   yann

test:  cleans the batch and removes all datastore records .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  register a new remote_domain: opts .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   keystoneclient
truth:  register   register

test:  test that the _repr_html_ function does not install the console .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  test   script

test:  check the name of the processors function .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  are   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a dictionary of parameter references from a pyfunction pyfunction .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  content   a
truth:  infer   infer

test:  return the list of installed files from the current call .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   function
truth:  find   find

test:  compile the specified connection .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  convenience function to get email using the normalize prefix .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  email   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the info class .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the handler should have a test cases .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  null   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns an open file descriptors as a maximum .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : step | name | minions | boolconstant | const_list | prec | const_ref .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a flow using method/test to each of a given token .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a generator of sets of nodes in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove a process of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for all versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function to validate the data it with the passed in the interactive executable .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  function   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert hook to signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   find
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port on a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore name for postgres .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  name   up
truth:  restores   null

test:  a safe scale function that it runs with lookuptable and the correct column through the correct column .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save an registry dictionary into a file .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  find the hsp[ sequence in the given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  find   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  render the given message with path .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  render   upgrade
truth:  print   a

test:  return an rgb representation of cone errors .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is a file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return any metadata possible to parse actions for ftp passwords .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  return   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack file .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   python

test:  exit code to a message .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate the diagrams generate a diagrams generate the returned set of side .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of triggers in the task extension .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the restful handler for extensions .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls function or sls regions cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   list
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  build a new service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  deal to plain given serialized form .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  displays a console session using the parent process .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  is   null
truth:  print   category

test:  encoder cant identify with a simple sanity .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object from a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear the data set by the current thread .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   root
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if two values are equal .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  if   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  move a zip folder to case when path is not started .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  move   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove file if path is an executable .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the given gem group is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience for the given sequence of **latexdict** .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  use   check
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the information matrix with vm .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   get

test:  force help and start help module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  force   kernel
truth:  to   helper

test:  wraps a users expire number .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   db
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a generator that helps the gross .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  access   access

test:  this function returns the config key for small_stmts .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  function   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  if data is a valid mergedfor key .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  if   return
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a unicode object .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  unicode   url
truth:  takes   anything

test:  given a tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  content   null
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   url
truth:  get   get

test:  return the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all host ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  dry helper function to help tuples of a given dict from a default .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  check if file is available for the given data .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the value of the key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  adds scene from cache to the show exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  adds   export
truth:  given   a

test:  either for deleting course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   add
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   instance
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the mappings for a given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice output with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform all the collection of the given data are supported in the standard value will change the analysis .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  code   return
truth:  to   try

test:  explicitly create the astroid reset to urllib .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor to the corresponding color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string containing a list of pairs .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  parse a time zone .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create an exception for testing .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  create   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a test providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the app name is installed and the owner .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  computes efficiently taylor coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  divide   null

test:  function which creates an event on every event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   event
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  decode :rfc:2047 packet features into flask packet string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  null   -
truth:  encodes   a

test:  do the call method .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  do   -
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns an xblock with the given xblock .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   render

test:  decrypts a string ekey using encryption message ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  certificates controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   crud

test:  change the rabbitmqctl of the state of timeoutms: .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  change   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a contextmanager that yields a temporary pipeline object matching pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  run flocker-volume on the given episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  run   things
truth:  to   method

test:  check method if method is installed .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  check   version
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function to get a new axes for the current axes .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return a list of tuples from the n-queens .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  return   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  for tests that require a twisted exit code object .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  show   sets
truth:  runs   runs

test:  if the file name is absolute for the given .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  if   statistics
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of files representing the absolute path .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  null   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available if the mysql module is available .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an 'oracle' by the connection .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  get   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a gradient or a gradient of the datastore variable for mysql .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of lists of maximum components of lists of a vector3 components of lists of maximum .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a zip filename that doesnt s3 files .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  create   key
truth:  archive   archive

test:  calls the zone path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a length of a given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  test a string that contains sids paths .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  test   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a rank docs to prevent multiple systems .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the given lists is a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a given string to random characters from dbms requirement: * mysql notes: * appending sp_password to bypass several web application firewalls .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs application into a wsgi application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  runs   os
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  given a decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  view   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  the median may be a single mean .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  null   message
truth:  runs   runs

test:  calculate the total angle of a points on the weighted harmonic prefix .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  order   order

test:  define the value of the argument .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  define   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert some tuple to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  apply the given array pointer to the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  turns   float
truth:  store   store

test:  function for paragraph the given model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  function   sets
truth:  train   a

test:  pass in the generated itunes .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  upload   context
truth:  return   a

test:  insert data to a file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   grain

test:  checks to see if x is an iterable .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager to create a temporary exception on a list of statement .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a sqlalchemy key from the table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  index   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the indices of indices can be set .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  make a bytearray function as a llvm .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  make   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of tuples for all indices .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  named   find

test:  check if a message signature can be assigned .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  handler for otherwise and alternative off .
truth: update request . 
test:  gets   session
truth:  request   request

test:  display link from weblate version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   null
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of fullname entries that are out of fullname .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a posix config string and returns a tuple of its docstring .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a product of a sparse matrix with a given degree .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  create   null
truth:  permutes   null

test:  ensures that a given instance exists in the following files are the first .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a string into a list of tuples .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  set a module containing the referenced referenced as a module .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  handle   request
truth:  update   update

test:  a decorator to raise skiptest if configuration is false .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts bad characters into rna .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  slugify   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes in user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  signal   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the object is a string .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the given snapshot should be exported .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the leading up to f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   a
truth:  float   float

test:  checks for a table of the contents of the table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about each ssh .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   information
truth:  null   information

test:  test according to only work on form other icrs<->gcrs correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  calculate the number of digits .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some extra files for the defaults .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a list of axes or the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  list   alias
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the file or raise an exception if path has been deleted .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function is a simple replacement for the given template with a django management handler .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  function   starting
truth:  renders   null

test:  this is intended for gamma logic .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  list all files under full .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a list of tree names from the cache .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return preferred encoding preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  code directly .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  sets   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the inline data passed in data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield a generator of columns .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test strategic table with data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   theano
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network script using the given network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  turns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the string representation of specified text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  pair   text
truth:  append   a

test:  finds value of a given array .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  close all review requests requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing template limit .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   validate
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove duplicate array from duplicate list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  works   append
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for the given absolute path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  apply a facts to the supplied facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   cluster
truth:  apply   provider

test:  set a configuration buffer for audio .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move function .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  function   a
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for a specific cache format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of locales according to the specified locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new instance of the api category .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  radians old function .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new dict that is needed when calculating keys? keys of d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  attributes   list
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by prefix .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create and sets the given indexes .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a softmax stable implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   object
truth:  using   test

test:  this function takes a string of pinv(x) usign rotation that is not in the case of the progressively .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a deprecation .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  compute persist categories to select values .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  compute   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for the given revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string of whether the method is stored .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if version is an identity string and optionally append version .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   version

test:  return the primary hash of a given key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  make a hash of the specified tool_shed_url .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given an instance of a pentityrow entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text to the depth of the current macro .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   web
truth:  null   a

test:  given value to given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  use import of python constants .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  import   patterns_path
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if successfully is a symlink for the value set .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a rule that yields tags defined by a given python object .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register a constraint from the start of an engine .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a no-op decorator .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send a notification notification to list() the result .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  converts a parallel and cache to a given sensortypeapi .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores tuples of twisted you restores anything .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a gcode instance .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   support
truth:  build   a

test:  return a local connections representing the given port on failure .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for the element to become ready or write the context .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   calls
truth:  block   block

test:  get var loop sampled by logprobs .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  uses the discussions raised by conda .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flatten   node

test:  this function creates an paths from the specified path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  function   set
truth:  return   a

test:  serve best counts for the given request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  index   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in host cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  process   put
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decodes crypto json value from an *name* format .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  maps   crypto
truth:  build   build

test:  options for the command line and the options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  to   options
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns true if name is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   sequence

test:  walk all the directory where the sff is in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  return   a

test:  detect string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  builds a list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  given   a

test:  get a date and time formatting .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  extracts   date
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the 31 of a callback .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file with the suffix builtin .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  return   search
truth:  get   get

test:  compare the input image by the 1-d form .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  compare   expand
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a list of user_partitions partition links .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a key value from a string .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  imports   validate
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear order linear differential equation with 1st coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   character
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  gets a set of image lines to the pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the version of the page and version of twisted cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  construct   version
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from the album musicbrainz .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether id is a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  deletes files from the data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  files   directory
truth:  remove   admin

test:  do not display the raw string .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  do   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  keep string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  the checks checks to make sure it loads one of the given check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copy files from one tool to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  murray env by to_tree opts or loop into one .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   check
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the cache of the cache is configured .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  check   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can view that require if the user has at least one of the given target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes a media document and a resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  display   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload previous doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  handle disconnect that appear in the given backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  return   users
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  non-restartable source files .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  source   target
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: tags only true if a value has the value given as actual value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  null   null

test:  test that annotations are present correctly handles annotations .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the certificate path of the device .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  start running the given byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update command and handle a n_ones command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   compatibility
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert bytes to int or division string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  restart   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a string like 5 months format and return it .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  auxiliary arrays corresponding to a "deep subset of an input and compute their corresponding contextmanager so that it is true or is composed .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a string as a list of optional clade into a map that produces the same width and indices .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister the check from the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  check a color with c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  runs the given command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a utf-8 page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  generate   nodes
truth:  null   page

test:  get the list of all the resource .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a datetime object in f on a model of data hash .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the current host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  do typical rest api calls .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  do   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate server of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  prepare from testtools .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  prepare   import
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle no args should load based tm .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   tm

test:  makes a bem solution for the given solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  return a joined array of multi-dimensional array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a pseudo-prime class .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  confirmation to start categories .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  to   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  push a encoder onto the current block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  push   user
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find a string representation of a multiplier entity in its string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  checks if a user exists cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  if   users
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function :math:varphi(x) = ? x : e^x - 1 the exponential linear unit was introduced as the exponential of the current time series .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns true if g is optimum or false if g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  execute the hash .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  do   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a string from a datetime .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new pants instance .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake suspicious alignment for the given admin anonymous .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream description from an endpoint description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  given the epsilon for each node that was moto by the given epsilon .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  check all the existence of a list of vector3s groups and if all token are set up with the account .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the largest 2068 for the current image .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  compute   operators
truth:  computes   null

test:  enable the local file object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  set   set

test:  handler of an object .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no-op validation function .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  loads the files in a directory .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a string to stderr .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  remove all subdirectories and all sub-directories .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  is   null

test:  confine this module to debian utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded with darwin utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  load   load

test:  test the correct app .
truth: test program . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   program

test:  start entry point to run entry .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  start   function
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a signal handler which will install studio .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   signal
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a string from the config file .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen petersen petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the given socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random graph .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  test if this string can be converted to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given a version object .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a time span as a last-modified extension .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert c{bytes} to a native text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  force   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test test validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   time
truth:  test   x10

test:  a string to display .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  find executable in a environments .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  find   find
truth:  derive   ini

test:  decorator to get requests function or function calls to make a get request .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  to   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  takes basic config defined in a ast offset .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  index   index
truth:  value   value

test:  initialize the state of the supplied image .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  initialize   seed
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a tuple of 'datehandlerfunctionmustreturn and returns a triple of an suspended .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  free unicode version of ascii .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  escape   versions
truth:  encode   data

test:  user should have a readable string .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  assert that the given entry is list of packages are present .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this test returns true if the item in the form all the dict .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add a graph to list of fields .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  add   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clear an existing request from the given request and remove any of its children .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the file type passed in the given file-like object has been run and the first file type .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  download   text
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calls command line options for this script .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the mal word for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  when a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  null   python
truth:  require   null

test:  check for the task system_metadata looks like locales .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a short hash of an encrypted hash and password .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine current ip dict of linode information for linode storage .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the config directory or from the given config file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the default namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a full router for the search router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  ensure that a master report is an associated one of the master .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a helper function used to sort the initial tweets at runtime .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  is   int
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate and potential exponential using the probability loss function .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  calculate   commands
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns version of salt on the minion cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  report   report

test:  return a list of extractor like test/resources/com/google/cloud/bigtable/grpc/scanner/v2/ .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the provided array present in an array .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  return   deploy
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix a new configuration expects a new home assistant a critical group .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  helper function to check for morphing of an object .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  null   contacts
truth:  null   null

test:  load a config file and return a handle to it .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  find document[key]document[key 2 .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  find   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean unless x is a scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  return   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find a total loop whose user_id is equal to be committed .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  find   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  soft-delete a apps .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  set   set

test:  series series or dataframe for pandas data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  prepares a set of plugin from the given maximally .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the git files .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  render field value .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse type of a given component .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a dict of strings .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   build
truth:  send   send

test:  ignores manhole .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   callable
truth:  throw   null

test:  generator that formats and restore the values for a list of sets .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  retrieve selected image from a base64 encoded string .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject all the specified items into a collection of the currently selected by the python debugger .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  commit   format
truth:  injects   data

test:  return the most recent version that is available to this version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  has   check
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the path for the build .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   tests
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create a cluster object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filter the dad filter into os_vif .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  read the configuration file and return a tree of any extra contents .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   one
truth:  read   user

test:  returns the singleton tree of the root node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   fixture
truth:  inverts   a

test:  test if a domain object is valid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  if   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets json via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  signal on the current comment by blanking its contents and records .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  null   html
truth:  stores   a

test:  load and return the added job default for a given table .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user has been none .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  function   number
truth:  null   null

test:  pad a utf-8 hex string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute numerically in dates .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   effects

test:  check barcodes of the barcodes from each page mapping file debug lists to fix the next layouts that need to be available and :class:multidigraph .
truth: gets header . 
test:  check   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  resolve a package name into an existing model .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns a dictionary of mua .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a call .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  determine the nth version of the repository for the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to determine if the given object is a primitive dict .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  to   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora systems with riak available .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  works   works

test:  generate a python string for imp .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  given a ground document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  given   change
truth:  cancel   null

test:  get all member information for the given numba class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see if buildout can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   init
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment specs for a attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a time string into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are not in the import files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  points   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the token whose content is the tenant .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   whitespace
truth:  pair   pair

test:  function to convert raw message to string .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  function   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  return the reverses mapping file names to the address specified by .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return string from balance .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  maps   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a line containing key-value pair .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   entry

test:  return a list of existing figure labels .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  set   set

test:  need fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   program
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws key service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete exploration summary or raise if it exists .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  remove tags from the device output .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   updates
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  like web handlers .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   following
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents and contact depending on review .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   count
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  split none .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test interpolated [83 option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  allow   chart
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get an asset asset name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  python python test installation installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  extracts an image file for the given process .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals expr .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies a string key using the private key key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  return the union of a given differential equation .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  return   return
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  formats the python file to the given site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  return the upgrade fields for fields .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  return   update
truth:  used   null

test:  perform rsync suppression on orthogonal .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  perform   migration
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string representing the specified validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return states for all states in single iterable .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  import   return
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  update extent based on a list of images .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the namecmd login rule .
truth: internal function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  turn old-style value to finish .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line with searched serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   human
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the comments for all the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return environment variable .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  view for an oauth2 or page .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a generator .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tokenize a string into all tokens .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  reads a filter out of a line .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   filters
truth:  read   in

test:  given a comment .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  set   query
truth:  null   null

test:  a logrecord that turns an object into it .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  null   description
truth:  function   function

test:  check ack is compatible .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  left   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if either given poll object is given an payload and add units for suds units that correspond to a sphere .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   parses
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dictionary containing the attributes available for the table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this turns checksum of ip address into a socket .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  same as old computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  null   try
truth:  get   get

test:  dot product of two arrays .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   report
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  docstring is the normalization vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  is   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on pyprojdoctest module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  search for quickly .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper for _in_encoding .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  to   accept
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calls individual files .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  wait for a sentences into separate components .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all features compiled modules .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  aux function .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the correct instance containing an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the data on the resolve and the {} .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sgi -> string return a copy of the string s with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   hexadecimal
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  null   =
truth:  split   a

test:  zero futures .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a duplicate string representation of items .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  null   generator

test:  create new folders and add folders to an unknown root .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  determine the default values for a pass and its arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  determine   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct the index of the line .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return a dict mapping for trunk details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  function   transaction
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the provided target is a valid host-name for use with serve .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the distance between two nodes in a sparse matrix x and b .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the listing key .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  return all the list of names of all the specified tensor .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new instance of the specified github api cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  half download file path .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  downloads   configure
truth:  change   change

test:  helper function: consecutive if a gradient is a gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patch a function to be a method in the decorated module .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  replace   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that should skip custom if not installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  show a table name .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  stderrif exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit it up after a line .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  yaml yaml file to determine if it was displayed or not .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  formats   options
truth:  verify   null

test:  do any nearest value of fs fs .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  do   fs
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper for views which uses the current model key to hide the command line size and the selected model .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : name equals field_type identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  attribute   const
truth:  null   service

test:  write a zip file into a list of given zip directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  list   find
truth:  null   a

test:  write the contents of the specified iterable to the xml document .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   enable
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a new user object with the provided profile if it exists and the current user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   user
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this page of the /api/ with json actions .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  null   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert unicode to text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  gives x indicating whether a sequence has been stripped barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  intended   system
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user delete all selected selected selected user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the version metadata parsed from the geos version string and the version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the file path for given file or a expandpath .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  filter out the access token with a token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable containing various jinja2 .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect to handle kit auth file into a new preserving the defaults .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  null   download
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any files from empty directory .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  build an example resource object from the given resource and resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  build   custom
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a string to a datetime value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  returns   event
truth:  format   format

test:  define a flake8 .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  define   *
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  finds the given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the memory type to the ctypes .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test histogram of json .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  model   test
truth:  test   test

test:  notify any email that have been **parameters**: .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  open the dimension from a yaml graph graph .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   one
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of available compression methods .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  most most of the site should not open a most .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return subgraph containing only .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  return   dates
truth:  find   a

test:  do not use of sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  do   nth
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dict containing doc applications .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  tokens   token
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a collection object for the given platform or none if no match .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the provided socket into a valid ipv6-address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the description for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   python
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a python routine from an expression this function makes sure that the routine is given in the representation of the project .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  called   generate
truth:  source   source

test:  the order of the bivariate list of rows .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the navigation index .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  return   current
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the volume and time zone .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  calculate breadcrumb of circular loss for the vectors gradient gradient gradient 9 .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  calculate   location
truth:  null   gradient

test:  sets the tool errors for the aws command :returns: a dictionary of params .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  sets   field
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract sensitivity from a string containing a given interval .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function base64 return a short .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  index   time
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   return
truth:  color   color

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add behavior of url for general components .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  add   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if the generated time is still configured .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if g is a isolate degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer methods of theano variables the same take the values at the end of theano function .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a package path into a list of organization words .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the file into path and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: polar make the current image instance .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   return
truth:  make   a

test:  expression_opt around celery requests .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  this is intended to call acceptable remote .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update one of the most unsafe file .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  update   packages
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a disjoint random numbers w using a permutations size and spatial random numbers .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  return the pixel around the derivation .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple parser used to compute the values of a unsorted point .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  the language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add dry errors .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  get the number of comments for a given sequence of comments from the receive format .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  callback for relu .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  structured   null

test:  add a record to the number of named record - used by s3optionsfilter @todo: sorting @todo: search for the colors @todo: make it will also have the map @todo: sorting
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  add   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  attempt to import current python environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  null   command
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the authentication token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  does localization use auto-configurable .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  are   one
truth:  check   check

test:  given a user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: aggregate-tests this plugin allows you to capture code coverage policies for each build steps .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks a list of indexes into a binary-valued output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  recursively find all object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the word with the given lexical form and form it as the word .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  imports like providers[provider_name] module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  check if the key in a dictionary parameters v : dictionary or list of keys representing the key type to be converted to the dictionary of values of values passed
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a tenant environment .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the given json as json .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return true if the node is from a tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the shapetmax polynomial of fullset polynomial .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  return a calculate list of checksum for a hex .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  post the number of files that have been changed from the device .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  post   runs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all flavor specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  add to a llvm snippet from idle snippet .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   prints
truth:  print   snippets

test:  build days information for a registration on contributors .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  search   null
truth:  serialize   a

test:  activate a list of tuples of each input is a list of dicts .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  indicate   map
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the maximum value in a csr or an array .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  interprets   bound
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a simple wrapper around semantics .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a new status_code: object .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  do   a
truth:  look   up

test:  hash keys .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  dynamically use the tuple from the device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a list of active configuration .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  list   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  convert an dtype to 0003 .
truth: like rand . 
test:  is   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  construct an item description for the specified http description string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  construct   maps
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   null

test:  for a bokeh matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message about the logging .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  serialize an iterator through text .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  serialize   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a new unique assertion .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  preprocess a widget object by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert translations from fallback to a list of translations representing translations versions of translations parameters in fallback to the inner key .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a more breadcrumb rendering to test .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  sum   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loop over all combinations in process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  decides   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compose multiple child outputs to a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  map   map

test:  normalize ascii and converts to ascii and clean sequences .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  strips   string
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new u'acceptance server .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build the contents of an error script cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   route

test:  transform multiple used to compute multiple distances in a set of strings .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  a test to set a key/value string attributes from the given dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until a public instance is ready .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  parses the argument passed to the integer argument .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  parses   code
truth:  check   check

test:  log context from a last human-readable text log .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  expands   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: form the text to be displayed in the form of form field defining what type of form will be rendered side-by-side .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  when the host is a list of modules .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the tetragrid tetragrid to the xmlelement .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  returns an epoch-type from the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for a post request and verifies that a post are post .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   call
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  build a configuration file from a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  read   a

test:  return the mock user if the request is the request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   set
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if 'u' is permission .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   users
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return an object to make code safe for passing in the given json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  null   json

test:  convert a string to a quoted string for a url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the data passed .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if the options are key=value .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the first word of an expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extracts   search
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a node representation of the current daemon .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  allow   set
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the config directory .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return a named service .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add http user agent using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name equals number .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show package database .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  offset   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  return any optional timestamp information from the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns static code from a notebook regex .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns string value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  name   return
truth:  returns   html

test:  get difference between two segment files .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a full search filename and set up its paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  takes   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check whether the current user has the named enrollment .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  to   -
truth:  null   badges

test:  delete all enabled assets to be deleted .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   generate
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test a couple version of url .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the configuration .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  configure   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories and stores them in two users .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  sort the list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  read a given file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar urls into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  serialize   media
truth:  return   return

test:  clear settings currently active docker requests .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  settings   interface
truth:  populate   docker

test:  string representation of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write amf characters to failure_message .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  serialize   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  get the nice matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   rms
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of the vector3 .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  t of chi-square distribution parameters exp : array a single feature coefficients for which the expression of the von continuous random components .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to another .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that when we want an exact tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add the message to the message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  add   up
truth:  change   message

test:  return the hostname for the given cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  return   get
truth:  build   a

test:  get all the values of a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function for the old content info .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  function   check
truth:  is   null

test:  function to format a form value .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  creates djangos application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  create   a

test:  const : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_ref | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over the fly rule .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  test   rules
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns length of header hypergeometric groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if all available folders are running on the system .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  construct the inverse object for cholesky() and cho_factor() .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  solve   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test multipart path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to amazon the certificate to /etc/opkg/* cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  function   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  find the renumerate position in the list at index .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  find   datetime
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  load the strong backend from full credentials in the database .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  load   function
truth:  get   get

test:  mat hold .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  writes the fields from a value in the record .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  to   functions
truth:  value   value

test:  create or yields whitespace at given path .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  get the centers from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  fakes   get
truth:  to   add

test:  create a default thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the status of the open status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  check   status
truth:  get   status

test:  among the stripe object .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  null   null

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   analyze
truth:  read   read

test:  poll a helper: .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  poll   usage
truth:  null   method

test:  test function: activate catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  wrap   redirects
truth:  load   load

test:  return text before rtl but with a diff of strings; u'\n'diff if theyre have not already in the results .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   diff
truth:  text   text

test:  return a string representing a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a particular object with a given name or none then revert when finished to a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a mounted device with the given mountpoint .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raises an exception if exception is not running .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raises   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a list of handlers by plugins .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   plugin
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  convert named library handler .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add an object of json .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   apply
truth:  adds   null

test:  retrieve cookies for the given response and see if it exists .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  retrieve   updates
truth:  request   request

test:  set the list of named string by spaces .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   split

test:  seq all lowercase and *offset* from expression .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  this function converts the following difference of every token into a new list of tuples .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  function   xor
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this is a separate function .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a draft with the given draft for a new draft .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sync   sync

test:  build a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> format .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypt the given keychain with the default keychain require a string representation .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - uses the training controller - used for access to component tabs - used for access via pr .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   controller

test:  send worker(s) .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  send   send

test:  test that instructions correctly .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to all the given message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   output
truth:  send   message

test:  get the request policy and display it into a new one .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  the displaying access method .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   version
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   manager
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  safely check that a string type is of "deep .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   set
truth:  check   check

test:  get a formatted stream and extract the given alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  decorator indicating plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext indicating plaintext plaintext plaintext plaintext true plaintext plaintext true plaintext plaintext plaintext true indicate indicate indicate indicate indicate plaintext plaintext
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the ccx for ccx an active request .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes the iterator .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset search-related by resetting .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the reduced knn of knn as a list of length .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  train   a

test:  define a signal that performs the specified event loop .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  define   pretty
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin email address for the admins .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a vm by name and the type .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for the users changed on the sites .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  to   users
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the size of the buffer to be used as the next window .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for the element(s) as visible about the element(s) .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce the value .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  mark   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack plugin .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  fixes the connection if required and sparse matrix is required .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  detect   calculate
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return the threshold metric for a release of the given values .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  hash   image
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a do key for callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission to be created for a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a time string into a datetime .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper translate or override environment variables to the build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release :jenkins-wiki:environment .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  return a list of all xml expression xml .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the use of the console tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  sets the "group" line of an image in an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   read

test:  creates multiple records at the specified name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit a fasta mapping file containing one of the fasta files and then more than one .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test the representation of the form of its possible expressions .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  creating   asserts
truth:  null   custom

test:  housing: rest controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  runs the command line and returns true if the fallback is in fallback .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  start server port in browser .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  run   nltk

test:  extracts and returns a braces .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  null   a

test:  simple test function for the last line of a iterable .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  socket   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  return string as hex string with packed .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   string
truth:  return   a

test:  provide the environment variables for the given environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  access   return
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  server   server

test:  like unique .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   token
truth:  return   a

test:  when using user] graph .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  exception   detail
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return user name and the default user .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse the minibatch of voting .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   multiple
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  given a string .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  set   set

test:  uses the inverse of a 4-d model .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   server
truth:  run   session

test:  get the diff .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check all coords]pairs .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  check   function
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator yields the first observation in a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  iterate   chunks
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when the status of the parent process is none .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  update   status

test:  checks whether file is an instance and .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  checks   data
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return dictionary of nodes for all nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  print or create unit output from specified unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  print   a
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all functions from all returner modules and return a list of all returner data .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  concatenate   information
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether the item should be an object .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster or a security cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  takes an object and returns the tuple of the given deferred .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python dotted path starting with whisper .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a convenience function provide a controller and returns a list of 'eth instances .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cast value to a boolean .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  function for register a string or frequencies .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot two axes within the same axis .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns in dictionary of filters as found in the module .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  updates   updates

test:  enables enables of var(p) process parameters ar : object repr of response: .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   headers
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe that the c characters have a valid range .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if the morning turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   change
truth:  called   null

test:  test filters and bem for volume labels .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  given a score as array-like .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  to   mask
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  token   token

test:  returns the '/proc/net/if address compiled from 48-bit memory buffer heirarchy on this minion .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  set/get a if the current axes is missing .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  unset   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert the int to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text string by text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  string   in

test:  this function takes the db character and converts it into a string of the character .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the distributed virtual networks for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   snapshots
truth:  return   a

test:  check for model .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the package that the given file .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  you can override this module with the navigation helper .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  patched   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  connect the virtual host on failure .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  log   a

test:  return a return true if the given class is a class of its properties .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   python
truth:  null   version

test:  checks if the name is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a whitelist from a server .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  changes   interface

test:  return server to stop .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  name   runs
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of permutations of n if ns at a time .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate multiple multiple of a univariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that show only contains files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a url and return its value .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  export value from unicode to include unsigned mongo .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  dataset   value
truth:  default   default

test:  write a file containing the result of the given row .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  grab a list of available subscribers .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a graph of the graph g and only return a graph or it is a relative graph .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  returns   docker
truth:  download   download

test:  update the line page grib by the linode page id .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box for the box .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find parent for temporary files in this directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return the locale for the given locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates tasks of all tasks that match the specified task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   items
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the ccx function .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  load the dand client for this minion .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  load   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the memoized .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   cci
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generate a standard set of fields to an existing model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  extracts lines from place in the list that start with first elements .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  null   lines
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all '<hypervisor>' for a user .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the predicted and active positions at the given set of nodes .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  duplicates   linear
truth:  null   operator

test:  do a multicast transform from the current outputprofile to encode it .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  do   transform
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  simple test that use a unicode module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   module
truth:  verify   null

test:  takes a signal of the given distribution and returns true if the params is given .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  document of a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   set
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return the time with the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  handle   crud
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from a file should run pip with a uninstall .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  download   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  query the current user .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  query   permissions
truth:  set   set

test:  adds input input to the top input .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  input   iterator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  makes a pmf from a sequence of n elements .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return the output arent supported by its web module .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries containing the given window registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   output
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the value of email or raise a given email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the sympy expression of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the data with cbc cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   scan
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  returns a handle to use for the request statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  returns   rewrite
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes all orm codes from the session identity identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  times : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  function to consume all of the ifilenames thread from sys .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  construct   a

test:  compute the hyperbolic value of an array of examples .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes string which may or may not be quoted and unquotes it .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  has   test
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the studio api links to course links for the given user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  takes the output of changesets in unix json output .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  takes   items
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook up a hook which calls it returns a specified function repeatedly .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   send
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert plain character processing to control-n .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element by xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add all fake groups to the given facility .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  update source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   null
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an aff4 object .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get if the point is inside the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   division
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the influxdb or list of database name the password of the database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the contents of lines .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a tuple containing the contents of a python identifier .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  create an instance from a field instance .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the changed groups on a specific instance .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  parse and exclusive_or_expression the home page from filedescriptor .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  stop   list
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetch the default remote package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  give   css
truth:  get   get

test:  return a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  place a version to the latest version of the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  place   crud
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  mock responses get response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cpython -> string in the series/index string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  null   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract metadata from the ordereddict text that have a value text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the default urls configuration configuration to use for a default default urls .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  look   up

test:  fixture to support outgoing representation of the node .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  access   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pysignature the arguments for all the arguments of a vector .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given users output .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  clear   storage
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  live live dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  searching   set
truth:  if   check

test:  diophantine rac .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  test   test

test:  get the maintenance url .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to write contents to the given file for this script if its none .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  takes a config value .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  takes   escape
truth:  return   return

test:  turn all tokens in the given tokens into a dictionary .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether a users email should receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return version from hadoop version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   image
truth:  git   git

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fail the saml page to build one or more tracebacks .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  open   documentation

test:  is randomness .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  turns a video object into an html type .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  select   aggregate
truth:  function   function

test:  memory gradient of the memory variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  setup   correlation
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode in a given sequence and write demultiplex barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the start is emitted .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper method to get user authentication code .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  to   user
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite for testing the given parameters .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   case
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a module name and load it from a package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  given   find
truth:  list   list

test:  this function calls the windows string .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  function   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the name of the file containing the directory containing the container .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  find   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  replace mem_fence() specific channel image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept source response type .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  exception   accept
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a json object using an existing content-type .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  prefix   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control thrown should complete .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   exception
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  when any string in a pretty string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return theme template directory for an themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal to the axis .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user for the staff user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a namespace from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  return the vision filter set of bound for {}d only .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and removes installed plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  save   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  delete a commit with the specified author .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that when the string has a valueerror test and skips .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  splits a list of collection objects into the given collection .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  remove all the contents of a hash .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  display   data
truth:  return   a

test:  calls quota function with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  calls   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average and writing of data@requires and writing .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  reading   target
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete host and upgrade scroll for the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get result']['group']except group document .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  test spectral netscapes against the end of the matrix .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph passing number of subgraph sets .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize value or variable of an object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  value   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a wcs object for the provider .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   validator
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function that just create an instance of the current payment manager .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  prepare   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return an websocket movie by loading the current server-side loop .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the name as a .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  a context manager for parsing a given parameters .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  modify   null

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   use
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a non-decorator way that also be used .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  sort   sets
truth:  takes   a

test:  computes polynomial degree of f in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify a mount security .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  needs   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  replace certain home directory .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a python record which will be treated through the given record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list profiles and values cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a string containing the globally base version numbers .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   args

test:  given a path to a starcluster datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   packages
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create an 2d numpy array for the given depth .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  float   location
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create and return a fake password .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   sets
truth:  drop   database

test:  reads in the given sff file and converts it into a single sff object .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  download   handler
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the parameters or compute the number of a given tensor .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   none
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine if a address is enabled .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  change {ips: positions .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  select   null

test:  return true if the user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a certain vm within a given packet type .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  test that tenant_id .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  test   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  return   a

test:  given a draft path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns all packet based on its docstring .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  returns slightly or create a aws connection for the aws connection if you want to do not installed .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  sort a list of bookmark objects .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns chain of same same as graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  sets   output
truth:  updates   updates

test:  call a function .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  run the default batch command .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  run   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  conditionally conditionally user from integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  typing   null
truth:  converts   integer

test:  show the xml .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  to   return
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a uuid for a namespace of dictionaries and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the rights in a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the pathname of the coroutine for the application .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  edit edit of the given kwargs .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a sequence of length gamma .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check for extract_barcodes .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  flag   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a logger that yields a post request and validate it .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the desired value .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   model
truth:  default   default

test:  return current package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type b section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  compute   sets
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   objective
truth:  perform   null

test:  return api url appropriate for url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the result of resource languages as specified in mb .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  display   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   lifecycle
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  registers a key to be a courseenrollment key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  registers   callback
truth:  xor   xor

test:  extract marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  extract   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert a floating point dtype to an array .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor object from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  turns a numeric code to one argument code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  turns   pair
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson data into bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  return a copy of a tokenize with a given esxi to the provided object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  return   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   find
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer in particular rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   role
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a numpy function seed the same results with theano shared variables .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute binary labels as arrays of binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  null   labels
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from current url of url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show any urls .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  order   order

test:  find a file path with the given path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  find   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  set the standard deviation of iterable iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  set   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an iterable of pages using the currently selected language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create and compile the command functions .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  when a timezone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system path as a string .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provide   null

test:  choose the console hash of a string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print the transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  prevent input is an rfc list of member code .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  create a binary binary sensor .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  create   configuration
truth:  null   section

test:  start all messages .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  as a comma separated string to the given config file .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  run   shows
truth:  to   add

test:  returns a nice configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private file using a private key depending on a specific -o .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  get and return the certificate post certificates for single certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  get   send
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  returns the path to the resource vector for a given package or module .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a dictionary of keys to a given row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no normal width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds a callback to a one-item .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add permission to resource name .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  add   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  send an changeset alert command and parse json object .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of all files .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a gradient style style style style entries .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a background event for before/after .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  init   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading and see that lines can be created by full corner .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the url string from an object .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  gets   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return a list of existing series names .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   load
truth:  figure   figure

test:  a function to escape the harris column .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears field values in ccx from ccx examples .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   set
truth:  converts   converts

test:  apply a rule to a branching .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  argument that returns a prototype value .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return fallback with an url record for fallback with the same name in the fallback domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determines whether the version of the v2 svg .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  truncate   alternative
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper for the given filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  set the pdb module for the given pdb .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  set   list
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an integer from the install sdk names .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  encodes   get
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup through the clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  writes a command to we need to log messages .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  use   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given an url and the scheme .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   urlparse
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  return the value for the given object id .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  assert   returns
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if subtracting is farther from each series in the mean of the series is farther than x .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test for issue value .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  null   accessing
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string to a valid dumb value .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a key from the dictionary .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  render a comment fields on a form form a custom format .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  render   wrapper
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  quotes   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances creates new transform on heliocentric .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a escaped ldap resource object .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   try
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  cms roles to manually .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  bootstrap   customer
truth:  null   crud

test:  import a package .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  remove   download
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid conflict .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  module   broadcast
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an attribute .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data in src to an variant .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of parameters to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  generate limit .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent indentation and servers from docstrings string and servers .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   docstring
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns the root free config .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around cheatsheets to convert successfully into server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  relative to relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the incomplete file object for the application .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] dict from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  finds a query to the given batch .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  search   search

test:  read blackbody file and return a phyloxml object .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar usage data can be passed with the pillar data from the pillar data and display .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   checks
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the list of available table names .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  list   list

test:  stable nd weighted .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  render   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  selection_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpack 32bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  test   read
truth:  read   16bit

test:  runs before displaying the specified hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-lobatto quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a normal model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add a function with geos args when running the specified arguments are geos the command line argument .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  true if file has write access to a file .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  dump   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate the source code of the given obj and return it .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  applies   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tuple of fill executing with *time_old* methods .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  determines if a job is installed and not given directory .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  to   find
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create a directory for the given directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  create   path
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the full tree file if found .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  show the painting for the given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  show   build
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter to check if a group group is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the given cache path to the given cache path path for a container or id cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  build the requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  uses   runs
truth:  iterate   null

test:  takes a string representing the data .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  takes   versions
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decorate methods from the predicate to pass to it from the underscore function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test that bash completion is executed on certain completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript code with javascript records .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  abort a function for low-level pieces .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  returns a configuration object that has been enabled on the application context .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines the parameters of a module or sort of it .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  grab   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  promoted   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable that update the build of cifar dataset .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   packages
truth:  null   eval

test:  returns a collection of events from the given keen from the file system .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return a list of facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 array of v2 in assertion_value by the substring .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  retrieve the search search search for a given request .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  look   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel enquiry section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new record containing the first constant value of the array .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the vector scale the elements of n in the response .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive tzinfo .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  it should correctly for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  null   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  return the relative path for a file path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  decorator to make sure that the function will mock calls .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the most recent languages level .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  to allow the string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  iterate   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  an exception .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff orv(intersection) is given in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  is   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to create an element in a collection of strings .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return a dict that has keys in the database .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  run a signed private key on the system .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful tests of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return a boolean .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  return   read
truth:  run   run

test:  get all files returns a list .
truth: many builds . 
test:  get   files
truth:  builds   null

test:  create and return a list of available targets cli example: .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   sets
truth:  creates   null

test:  filter out a list of strings from a subdirectory .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and configure the current configuration from config file .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  get   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network algorithm of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return an iterator of a theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  return a list of brands when hyperbolic brands .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   top

test:  get the lists with the archive extension .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary containing specific options .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the root usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all defined services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add user about the given site .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  access   match
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts the version in the package we want and validating returns a tuple containing the first .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run the given wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   start
truth:  like   like

test:  return the graph object containing translations .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to seqs with specified write mode string .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  listen to initialize an event on the minion .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  to   display
truth:  generate   generate

test:  list all available plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that you cant add a bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  load json encoded data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  load   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily override the compiled modules .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the absolute text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use main entry from pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns score in the dict representation of memcache .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  return original and configuration .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   null

test:  return length for the given object corresponding to the python type .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return four and run |spec| in the path .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  to   function

test:  return a list of filter with the private keys .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  given   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a ['desc'] list .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  adds a answer to an answer log for the rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  convert a string to a specified scenario iterable .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  convert   length
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  send data retrieved from ccx page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  send   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator for object .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and merge any log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   checks
truth:  process   process

test:  get the request url for the given request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  function   method
truth:  null   null

test:  create and filter all compiled filters from the list of filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  checks duplicates mapping file mapping file mapping .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  from http response .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  null   url
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a local url from a local repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  create   multiple
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  test the censored code to use .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  given a subnet group or name and a given subnet or name .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  given   create
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parses an http response body and return the content type and the format .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  try   try

test:  test with col table row and with col names provided .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of a and b = b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether the service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list available results from become in the order .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  sort   find
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a task into port .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  compute   gaussian
truth:  create   property

test:  download the given setuptools and return its best version of it .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  a merge for a source code .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  null   check
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt a variable and all dtrace variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  compute a list of versions of specified tables .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins after and after it .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  configures   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove an named website .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a python slice type .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the value of a update and/or a value in the initialization .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  tuple   strip
truth:  parse   parse

test:  update specific jobs from config file .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  update   set
truth:  is   null

test:  this is needed to reconstruct elemwise_kl() parameters a : array-like the xmpp moment returns binds : array or client-side transforms .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  is   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial directory directory .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  providing   tests
truth:  project   project

test:  ensures the effect function is used in frofrom .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of int ids that are assigned to the tool shed side that are assigned a repository function .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string with the major and minor .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the package .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  null   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception exception .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  open file with inconsistent and return a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  file   a
truth:  if   null

test:  show page of vid for related configuration .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clique graph g .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data filter filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  return   data

test:  makes sure the given arguments are for the project .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as register_admin_extension but generates a url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback that processes an error if the server has been logged in the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check error if this is present parameters .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  error   a
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of icon summary domain .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this given object or a course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper for l{requestgenerationfailed} l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return from the console .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  imports   replace
truth:  import   import

test:  a convenience function to run a user .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  using theano .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   model
truth:  null   example

test:  iterable index type for a fixed view function .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with a detached .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   use
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator which skips test if review is true .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   factory
truth:  skip   a

test:  retrieve grouped tags from a service name and return it .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the volume using zfs .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   mount
truth:  create   a

test:  return the persistent metadata as a pair of flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   port
truth:  return   description

test:  returns a tuple of all the arguments stored in original .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate all the joined files .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  change the metadata server and enter deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  change   purpose
truth:  null   salt

test:  return true if the file exists .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   setting
truth:  setting   setting

test:  mock source strings .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   frappe
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading trans['trans'] transform .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  do one of the task to use in a set of values .
truth: aux function . 
test:  do   create
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available page page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transform data to a 2d array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  transform   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save code for the specified task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  code   get
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified server with the sockets .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  this function is running .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  gets all the users users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  align a file f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags matching the given tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  add   add

test:  create a widget instance with the given text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all services .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the given string has a default mapreduce .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  build a multiple app .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  launches   default
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx link for linking to the end of insure .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  function   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins code and exit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  compute a 'hubble positions for an album .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  in database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  cache   module
truth:  null   database

test:  iterate through the metadata fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the local url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the properties of the managed properties .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add dotted-notation headers to 304 metadata objects returned by the response code .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   in
truth:  caching   set

test:  return true if node is fully qualified node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   check

test:  enable out the subsection buffer to be displayed for the course service .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  enable   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the given path to the given text and set a attempt .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the {}verts difference between distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  find   find

test:  convert datetime object to a python datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  value   equivalent
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   uninstall
truth:  create   a

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  scale the robust function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   utility
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  create a random string with alpha and return a random string .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the given function of an image .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification event .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  copies rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the given path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  split the docker tree into a list of nodes .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  split   part
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   formatted
truth:  time   time

test:  set the sql module into the database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  grab   sql
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a contextmanager that acquires a file to execute a threadsafe lock at a with statement .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  require   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  unless unless the average is cleared .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   backup
truth:  stack   stack

test:  creates a system status .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  if   system
truth:  showing   null

test:  validate a attribute and same arguments as follows: are not the requested values .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on certain mean .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show the none .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  show   none
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  return the file sample for the given wiki wiki entry .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   info

test:  wraps body should have first and applies a string .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  wraps   urls
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test if an cookies is changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   working
truth:  test   test

test:  sum a cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  the dummy function for scheduler that raises exceptions .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  like string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  null   s
truth:  string   string

test:  attempts to parse the tcp ca x509 .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  require   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the specified host system in host system connection cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing sys_uptime .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  apply the node of the workflow statement .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  parse a command line and build a boolean depending on the minion .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the frequency information for the start of the model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute a generalized modifier in a group of matrices .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  compute   f
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup modules .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  fixture   up
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   check
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  a decorator that optionally returns a driver that prevents .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a secure channel .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run run 'website' test server note: the current uninstall folder with a string and size folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   generate
truth:  run   run

test:  runs a command line query .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return a dict describing specific disk image info overlay belonging to the overlay line - used for all disk - used: children .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  setup   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a absolute path to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   kelvin
truth:  convert   a

test:  it doesnt install if extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  installing   test

test:  configure the state of the ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  configure   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper for the tree that print apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion and 3 .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  test that no job code are returned and that pool are returned .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a list with the given sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   xml
truth:  given   multiple

test:  given an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   check

test:  search a css regular expression .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  null   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively resolve - a dict of dictionaries .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the central spline parameters x : array-like axis : int or vectors of the first dimensions of the first dimensions .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  deprecated of g and return the kth variable .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  deprecated   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data with the given secret key and extensions .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  confine this module to debian powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an index of all selected child items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  transform the given axes to an index .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  transform   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if a file is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  return a tuple with the state of the state saltenv a relation taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  print   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a custom image handler for the master image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  opens a file to the given filename .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a modelform for the given kwargs for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  py2/py3 unicode from a python string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  to   attempt

test:  enables an item from youtube response .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  validates   json
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a local destination .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the current thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  marks   null

test:  replace topojson .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from control-n to string .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  perform completion cache for given bin .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : lparen primary rparen .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   name
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  provide an initial popen() instance .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  alignment   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  join two lists into a single space .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   null
truth:  function   function

test:  capitalize(s) template_regex function .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  null   virtual
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  helper for using a list of keys returns a dictionary containing keys of versions that excess and the keys assigned to their keys corresponding to the provided dictionary of trackinfo
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  null   function
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  dump the facebook to the django log message .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  hostname   settings
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a list of pairs .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a single server .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  =   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media type for an media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  import   update
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the observed power of a sequence .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke task for task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   setup
truth:  terminate   task

test:  extends an image class for cycles .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   type

test:  runs the cherrypy task_instance for we call .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  works   stop
truth:  null   a

test:  one-argument an integer .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  see if all entire nodes of a given expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  fetches an appropriate states for the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  function to require an expression with the command line values .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a url to the address connected to the given ip address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  hostname   return
truth:  host   host

test:  given the url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function for calculating the random sampling events .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  e^p_n(l) the rsa slugify of n from the rsa length n .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  initialize   zeros
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the users password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   passwords
truth:  reset   a

test:  try to find all observable files under sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  searches   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   multiple

test:  set password of an postgresql adapter .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  updates   permissions
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes with limited fields for rendering in this content tree can pass in a set of content nodes to if is connected fields
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a new alias .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   register
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  do   user
truth:  null   null

test:  return the graph for the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  if multiple actions are stored in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  parse   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig trigger a build for each build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a pickleable version of tupleize .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates an existing draft of the given object .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  updates   task
truth:  save   a

test:  this function will return a list of standard output with the data passed to the existing character .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the squared-exponential pixel vectors .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return the network device info .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  output   runs
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  for testing .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   negation

test:  given integers or .
truth: as above . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new transaction by using the docker endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the string of the server configuration files for the given server .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  returns   accept
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an declare if the protocol class can be implemented or to the protocol message .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of available zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a keys for the specified alias and names .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  redirects to the user or fail .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  redirects   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  common set-up dependencies .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  give   a
truth:  to   null

test:  steps kelvin .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  float   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  validate a csr private certificate .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   request
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake tabbed-browser object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  check a list of ii' magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return certain attributes .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  compress   color
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the gdb in the log .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return list of writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   policy

test:  return a string containing the thrusting and spanish for the given period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  single html entities in a given string .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   metadata
truth:  updates   packages

test:  build and return the contents of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  function   load
truth:  string   string

test:  given the given api name returns {created: true} if the given api key was attached to the given api was tagged and returns {deleted: .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  try to convert value to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  uploads an object to this file to this s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   query
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie player from media player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  add a template for selected definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  return   a

test:  deserialize selinux record and delete them .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  deprecated   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  retrieve a model class by the full module name of a directory or the module .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  given   a

test:  create a nested serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  give   null

test:  reset state of a subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  decorator for views that requires the user to log .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a user .
truth: remove message . 
test:  view   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the given headers is a 'upgrade' request .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  list all the config files in the given folder .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  null   information
truth:  list   list

test:  wsgiapp the application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  start   function
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return custom typos with a form .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  return   ancestor
truth:  assigned   get

test:  private method solr needs to be installed to use this .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  recursively copy a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  older versions of cloud .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the basic array to a rational memory for the given .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a list of ignored names from a unicode string or unicode .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   files
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function for windows conf .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  function   add
truth:  take   a

test:  return a list of libraries matching user defined in nested .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  return   style
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the github domain path starting from the current python thing .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  power f factorization of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  test general python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   user
truth:  test   test

test:  one of the first df of the crt :latest .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   part

test:  trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  draws a user group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  allows   signal
truth:  add   user

test:  if email address is provided .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  email   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the numbers of parseresults pair .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate macros to 6 .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  retrieve   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and return a temp directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   accept
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   exit
truth:  computes   null

test:  decorator factory for censored .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  check   send
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of seconds .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an --help .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   user
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dictionary of fits format with option and dtype .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  record   record

test:  create a function with a json representation of flask entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager that asserts a private key error if there are any filtering .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   x
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest create spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a string with the given error characters as a single newline in the given start .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert a timedelta object into a string of seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  extract the bcpy portion of the system b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   call
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the shared signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the circular mean squared error .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  computes   ems
truth:  return   return

test:  factor square-free degree p on finite in gf(p)[x] for square-free .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   factor
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return username from uid and username .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the oauth client for this request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  check whether the label label is in a weighted distribution .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used by cms opt to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  twitter   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a link to a requesting mobile mobile device .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the os is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a filename into a tree .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a csv file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  create   unpack
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a python string to a list of python where users is not robust parameters .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the decorator which the bias method .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the release number that matches the release .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if exits activity delay for given delay .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   aggregate
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   file
truth:  check   check

test:  return the discrete sine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  resolves   calculate
truth:  return   discrete

test:  tracked point to do double regexp in url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   url
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email if the users command-line is available .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the registry registry instance for the given url instance == registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   url
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get all enabled summary domain .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  given   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get a document that will be used to recursively designate at the end of the doc .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  walk   null

test:  return an absolute path for the given package .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   font
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() with invalid error .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict query using the dictionary vars to interpolate it .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter song song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hex digest of a given hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  tickets edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : lpar plus rule | the non-vowel lt expr | expr equals rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean the controlling callback function .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  returns an appropriate representation of the header or pickled characters .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the url returned by url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the package packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system tensorboard and nvidia-process if available parameters text : a session instance of tensorflow tensorflow session .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  close   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  not implemented: the function calls the call func .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  add a review .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  add   network
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   python

test:  create a client .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  ajax struct_or_union .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively copy all files .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  detect   os
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment given a list of values and an interable .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that all the names of update instances are cleaned up on an func .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a string as a string .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string in a pfctl string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  is   input

test:  register deterministic icon .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  register   register
truth:  construct   null

test:  list files that we can be loaded .
truth: by default . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  content   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove security groups from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   security
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a dns job to a string or urllib2 .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a source file and save it to a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   content
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources by java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  accepts a attribute string as input .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  accepts   check
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  register pelican signal for devicearray types .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   provider_factory
truth:  registers   null

test:  consumer an interface to make it usable in the device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  take   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  compute the topic name that should be run on one cluster node .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all include_self actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  find the server group(s) in this context .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  launch   session
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the expected results with expected results support .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   function
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service from the local configuration and make sure access to the firewall is allowed .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  decorator to run a function in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected assignment_two_params __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_two_params
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure the fast whitespace of the specified input data is specified as specified .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: example: following following example: .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes a string to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  perform   manager
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one big arguments .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns true if item is a theme/' .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the line with style markers .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the logs buffer for the given logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   message

test:  create new component" can be used only include the list of perm['tp .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  port the points for a keyspace cluster in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  a version of second .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  reduces   a

test:  test the default prefix can be found .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   skeleton
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of lists of a sequence of 4bit partitions .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path for the given project .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove an error string .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  works   accept
truth:  print   a

test:  return an instance of a numpy array .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  given the tree links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an existing join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  sy system adding/editing for b-spline .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   information

test:  remove handlers from the section loggers and clear them calling to the logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  remove   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns a list of page links for the given config .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   value
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to be a method used if a cached file should be a root files .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get arguments with u"`in'needsatleast .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the number of minima of x under the first dimension of x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the ohlc posbn function .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   model
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a tuple for the cluster version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the kernal summary of the dataset as the variable .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   msg
truth:  plots   day

test:  calls both simplest seems to allow it to properly point in the linode dict .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  tell that the given 'ssh-ed has a small value .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  seconds   scan
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for caching methods .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns each ssl port to the ssl port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   accept
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception that the really or depend on an gradients .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  loop through alignment .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry a single request after the specified request .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   send
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  create source file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  source   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return employees between from_value and sign a given frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade or create a table by account .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  wipe   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  calculate the nt list of missing missing from volume name the nictag to identify the nictag -- if set of list_ops .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  query   list
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror a list of terms from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  dump the temporary directory to use for the given config .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  dump   os
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a full filename relative to components .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  as one or more int into a query string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if obj is delete and its signal .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if a user has an email address .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of groups to preserving the given stub .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  test the module with a new path .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns module name .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an array of all given dtypes .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as carve .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  is   core
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  creates an app key string .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  take a sequence of container volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  reader function to convert kit to a single microsite .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds the given attribute to the task for a task report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  constructs a romberg .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  null   order
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process celery in current context .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  process   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  accepts a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  graphics is an array of points together .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  is   c
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the provided value is a generator that should be stripped .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse data to a httpredirect .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a users locale object currently used by the given locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a product template template .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  resize a given image object to be identified .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  align   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  walk an drivers dir for execution .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find a generator which returns the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to relative to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   spam
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the buffer output output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the default thread for the current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   setting
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an os if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  abort a function for low-level pieces .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  copy dti on the components: effectively .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  this function is called from the jbig2 hash .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  return   password
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  remove a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  get   a

test:  show the existing theano type .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  show   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called every time the server starts up .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  retrieve   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  internal function to return whether name is installed cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a json tag and returns a json object .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  creates   runs
truth:  gets   null

test:  try to find out the pipe .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  to   key
truth:  return   a

test:  get all top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles which are default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  list installed postgresql extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  run   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same directory as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all registered set of names .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  set   set

test:  string -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  follows prefix .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   transform
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a fake exported .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set and retrieve a domain instance with sometimes .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  create   create
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert once to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  cleans   set
truth:  list   list

test:  lead union chunk using sparse polynomial series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single user view .
truth: module view . 
test:  view   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  command   command

test:  technical the technical handler but instead of the python object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  code   json
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  null   real

test:  return an apk polynomial of f .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   shorthand
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns an event for a given attribute .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  vectorized version of the flatx variable .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  vectorized   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a sequence of values mapping .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   support
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all matches in the string by using the python pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  if the given data has the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  validates   return
truth:  trims   null

test:  given a piece of order of categorical filter .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  given   array
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  toggle hash of the given hash .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  using   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a table to the unique elements of text .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   replaces
truth:  write   null

test:  horizontal a url returned by requesting a request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the execution of an image into a file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap database connection object .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  execute   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  internal helper to perform a hash pem .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : lpar arglist field_seq | lpar | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing task instances for the perf test server .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert obj into a getargsfromdoc object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  get   arguments

test:  helper to ensure that the parent pool is marked as a bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a nested listing to a list of tuples .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  is   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  convert a paste dataset into a plot-schema dataset .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  removed   copies
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  find   grain
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as name with a relative install sequences .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a function that will receive the external indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test function start with python 2 .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  function   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string describing all available bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes the compiler and a node instance .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  takes   notification
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the inventory from the right device .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  to   iterable
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   api

test:  returns the storage for smtp applications .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  username used to save a script running on current ruby .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   check
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  organisation rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   rest
truth:  null   rest

test:  replaces transparent transparent .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replaces   slashes
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  change   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a function used to make a log log .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  resolve   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   state
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return date from a datetime .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return tuple with any of the fields in response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of issues given some issues and the whole list .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of all active context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the transpose with the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a list of all python files in the directory that should be considered to a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  process a collection of parsed items .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  process   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add enum column according to what table .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   register
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to set a function to the underlying text of additional additional values .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser a user .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure generated function .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  provides   print
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean up a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves pythagorean diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of desktop for the site from the desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract an image in the chain of a random image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add indexed in default to the whole row .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  add   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convert a value into a unicode string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path to the configured binary .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  look   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services are cloud storage .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through cost given the argument .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all nodes in a structured output .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a list of shape and returns a single string .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  test plotting of categorical data for a dataset containing mnist .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  train   subscription
truth:  load   load

test:  return a string of the language being system with the given language code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a standard glob index file and return a replacement index .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   region
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make sure tuples are applied to tuple of length equality .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list the disk disk disk for the given partition .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  list   disk
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the correct test repository .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   create
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with the given word .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  create processing job beta .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a file and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a command plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  show   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  add original behavior to the context .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  attributes   function
truth:  change   a

test:  an array to find the value of an array the number of times it the enum value given an array of times the same covariance matrix .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  specifying   array
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   following
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  used internally by the package .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  used   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the pfctl .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an item associated with an item .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  when an email created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   send
truth:  request   request

test:  is a scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  is   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a pathname in the string in authorized and there are any given string .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  join   path

test:  test for bug occurring from epoch .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  registers the json file and then keep the email files cache .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  registers   print
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http header dict where http response headers have the header value set the label we can parse: <url the response object to a "wordpress example files in
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  extract   links

test:  convenience wrapper around compatible record and print an active record .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  remove   signal
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   a

test:  update the sample configuration for the specified network .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  update   get
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  returns a minutes sqlite for a file or partial database cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the remote git repository for git .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  makes   up
truth:  make   null

test:  turn raw bluetooth address into its raw dhcp cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current instance of the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this ensures no attribute should correctly .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  enable   run
truth:  is   null

test:  opens a given file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  test for this ask the ask system .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   scenario
truth:  need   need

test:  disable disabled package to be reported .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  null   information
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an xml string from the given xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : step plus expr | empty power expr | empty power expr | empty expr equals expr | empty .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  called when an ipython extension is loaded .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  called   init
truth:  unload   unload

test:  count number of security group in the security argument .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  this is needed for assigned to ayoung labels when they change axes .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write remote tunnel to temporary file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test the clickableimage against the autocomplete_query side of the dashboard parameters y : the instancegroupconfig label .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   assignment
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the host .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  list   point
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in the given character number to the formatted number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  given a code object .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  wrap   in
truth:  find   find

test:  shear function to calculate the numpy .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  retrieve all timeout query with timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add enginevolumes .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  create   create
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: inverse:long this yaml: yaml: build step .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple containing absolute .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  for use in groups .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a fallback language object for the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  if   returns

test:  evaluates the given object and returns the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   elementwise
truth:  resolve   null

test:  determine whether the user is an active backend .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  determine   http
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create the specified project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check if filename is an instance of .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  make   a

test:  return the maximum document with corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patch a hilbert .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a dict of msvs values into fake_cluster_orm .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes an encrypted hash with the given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  open a dict of events that are inside the events at insert a specific "xfs_info" .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  walk   broadcast
truth:  receive   messages

test:  a syn[ version of words .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the config for the given configuration .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   product
truth:  set   set

test:  decodes a receipt into unicode .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  splits   block
truth:  decode   decode

test:  this decorator is a classmethod for a classmethod by filling out some arguments from a classmethod .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  wait for the specified connection .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  if   commands
truth:  trigger   a

test:  <= 1 .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  replaces   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type name for the specified type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that shows the specified messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  shows   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   testing
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the provided ip address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  split   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register an existing list .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   function
truth:  function   function

test:  taken from url so the trailing segment are no longer than or equal to n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the unix method of an appropriate builtin target .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  decorate   attempt
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get emails to use the given subscribers .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  simulates   user
truth:  null   version

test:  same as q .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new range chart with values from rfc chart .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns the timezone from the pytz timezone .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a template .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  exception   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  download common and all the cookie that grades .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  seconds   use
truth:  download   download

test:  takes a version string and returns a tuple of lines .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns whether this known kind can be registered for a given kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform the named member on a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  builds   patch
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the either edges of the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the environment variable with the jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  edge   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  return the root base root file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  are always a string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  are   try
truth:  null   helper

test:  resolves an default table by name .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  turns   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  formats tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  formats   example
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the specified kernel module is available for the app .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  extract text from dhcp-host .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes an object to make sure that when followed by forbid mode .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   uuid
truth:  return   return

test:  load a 2d array from the database of ][i ebs .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as int in network order of network packed .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  calculates the most common element in a list of pairs .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the hypervolume of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a number to a string using an unicode string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  formats   numbers
truth:  insert   insert

test:  landing view for the given homepage .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   attempt
truth:  view   view

test:  create a better release dictionary from the same location as the rest of the current location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt tagging .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  it should check if the full does not need to make sure the two routes altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  call a call to a partial function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  call   null
truth:  given   null

test:  takes a string and returns a normalized version of the generated expression .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume by copying .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a string to an ascii character .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  converts an vm from the compute .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  sending   function
truth:  use   use

test:  use the default registry to find the default registry .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  access   sets
truth:  see   null

test:  enable denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  enable   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create the test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  i received method content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  tell   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a flattened corpus .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the header list given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   returns
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot plot for each model .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   sets
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  sends the generate code for the given url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  sends   profile
truth:  add   nzb

test:  disable a file .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  disable   call
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : str .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate many many .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime filename containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   arp_cache
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find the path to the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if certificate is enabled .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  returns   exp
truth:  given   null

test:  the address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the mixed the mixed migration uses the same file .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  to   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of files under the given path .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a model can be set and that the right model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the number of base s to ensure that the given log .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the node is valid .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  return the volume image cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  return   in
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to replace the provided string in a filename string update from a string string .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  fake distutils .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  module   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the description .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   run
truth:  get   get

test:  take the subscripts tuple of tuples and turn it into a list of tuples .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list of limited limited limited to description of the specified size .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  is   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read a difference from bti matrix .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  coil   uuid
truth:  read   64bit

test:  update a draft registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  view   transaction
truth:  landing   page

test:  replace all spaces with spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  replace   print
truth:  given   a

test:  parse one or more utils lock into a pair .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   ntlm
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   a

test:  this creates a package based on a watch set .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all ps names .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file path into a list of datastore kind .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the ps used to track the upper triangular of a given var(p) coefficients .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  weighted   fraction
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert enbedded bytes to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  execute a two points crossover with the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method deterministically build out the purchase cart args: username: the users cart : the order model cart : the order model cart in the purchase page .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   api
truth:  create   create

test:  return an ipv6 domain name for the given ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test multiple extensions that have a necessary model extensions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get default email for assembly .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  return   authentication
truth:  append   a

test:  given a gcode object .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  given the standard gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in case file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   sets
truth:  write   null

test:  returns unicode text for the == 1 .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  long legged doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   star

test:  switch master and erpnext to master branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns a class that wraps a loader entry as loader for using spider .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a configuration changed value .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  create   update
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert signed integer to hex encoded values .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   tests
truth:  encode   a

test:  return a document that has a custom document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  runs source file into a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  to   function

test:  return a list of lists found in the axes .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a dict of all blocks from a course as a dict .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the table with a for the specified elements .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  validate source spaces from a cosine space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  close   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  return   a

test:  log out a filename .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  post   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  formats a new header for the given header .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  formats   redirects
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to create a backslash .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  function   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create and pretty print the xml into the root .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  generate   series
truth:  read   read

test:  tell a to a and b = 1 .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  tell   square
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a network object for the given module .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve the serve notes image-based .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  given a module .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the given css to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   albuminfo
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  compute the comment comment for the given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  test   test

test:  open a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror pid into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal function to update a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  null   update
truth:  get   get

test:  run the command stdin .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return system status .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  adds two commandlines variables to the correct database .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return all activities public activity stream .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  tests whether a model is an models .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  try   try

test:  wrap current request methods in the response content .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test telnet .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  question   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extra from value to list object .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a local ips by its id .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the determinant of a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a tuple of elements that parses the info string .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   replaces
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip data with the given data and return as much .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to the current existing directory .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   file
truth:  null   api

test:  turns a list of whitespace into a dictionary .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  confirm   crows
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to run the '--jvm call .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  loads   loading
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the application .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  run   example

test:  want to test for a url that would make sure the path is specified from the importer .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the given host to remove host to the host of the host to connect to the host to the
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  zero futures the repo: .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  build a 3 element .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  string   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  look up an spider with multiple requests .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  look   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the current valid ping cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  return   query
truth:  open   open

test:  configures source strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   model
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the region name for the specified number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  function to smartly js correlation coefficient .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a helper function for the provided text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  null   a

test:  return a formatted time object according to the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  provide the content of the yaml remote file or random .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  provide   windows
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the individual made of an array of k .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns student for precise based on given certificate .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http accept-* header into a list of the np .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the accuracies class for a class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   language
truth:  default   default

test:  converts string to unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve current subset of handles array x and return a list of carbon array x .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  resolve   runs
truth:  convert   nt

test:  create a new chain .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path to the given attribute of an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check user display cart if the request of the context parameters "pkg : bool true if user has an active request or false if request would otherwise be created for
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a node folder for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  build   information
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the first word in falsemutating is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a boto3 to a dictionary .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if f is currently active or degree of f .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert data from full fastq file to full format .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moments for a log file .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   pull
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes to the given state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace hash and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a wildcard is allowed that we only tell for the category of the first one of the ports and allowed to the other functions .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new doctest .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   populate
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the firetv climate lights .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt complex zeros of sine fresnel integral s(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns the map field from a sequence map .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  for a sequence of length space from a parameter space .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   num

test:  return a adu list newick by json .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the default decoding .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test the predictions on a predictions .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that adds "cookie" to there are useful .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs flask dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   close
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   python
truth:  are   models

test:  function that will format and assign an existing form cli example: .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return an astroid representation of the current process .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  project a bottle application by multiprocessing application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  place   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  tests to make sure all loaded versions of f .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  to   adjust
truth:  null   null

test:  an instance of validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip format domain .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  allocate   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that a predictor fails with a valueerror that a valueerror fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   sizes
truth:  test   test

test:  check name of user with given name .
truth: add user default . 
test:  name   a
truth:  add   user

test:  return the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  extract event logging for request handling .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  extract   send
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  mock implementation tells .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert fixed counts fields to fixed fields .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running gae failure dies with lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  runs   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calculate the relative variance of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculate   variance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load vectors from a source vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   data

test:  define a file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  define   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the univariate x_{n} for the given rotation + gyz + jb .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a custom service for the given service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  registers   media
truth:  register   a

test:  wrap the regularized polynomial f parameters f : array params of the polynomial variable returns full result .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  cast   k
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 500 users .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  mock   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find xp search in the xpath search for a page .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   replacement
truth:  using   null

test:  clears out the user table .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of es ids .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   ids
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a tuple from a tuple of tuples .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the start of s_in event handler for a given letter report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the script name of the given script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  code   code

test:  like dir() but writes into the current context .
truth: like write . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  makes a operations criterion with a campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure that a log file exists and is idle in your time .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  open   open

test:  prepare to voting markdown settings .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   run
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy view that just returns multiple times .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  default   decodes
truth:  null   null

test:  wait for the problem to return true to finish .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   call
truth:  wait   null

test:  key_to_english(key:string/bytes) the specified block block block block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  unpack   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup enumeration .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  create   a

test:  find the tree loops for a node which are in the given node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  find   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show dns table information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  list   information
truth:  report   report

test:  flatten the tuples .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  flatten   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  check user public auth method .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number to tuple with locale formatting and grouping depending on locale settings .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  stop containers and all the containers that owns a particular containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set the system state the current system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  tests   server
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  register   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a version of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   return
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the unique netmask of the current host .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists in the given cache location name .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   details
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a generator function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the grains of grains based on a file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  generate   render
truth:  config   config

test:  instantiate an event object for the given module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  load   a

test:  fix a list of names by the passed within the database .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  truncate   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   get_id
truth:  return   return

test:  validates the maximum template .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test product defined instance .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  edge   group
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  function to get the actually actually try to find it from review board .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  to   a
truth:  build   build

test:  serve the content of a thumbnail object .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  fork   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the file path for the given file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  to   in
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the monitor setting are no devices .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   null

test:  test invalid these are the supplied surface .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  force   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  do not allow anonymous article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  do   content
truth:  get   get

test:  enable or disable the current default value .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  major os .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  order   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  takes the header in a "safe" table .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the facebook automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check function of newalphas .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  function   model
truth:  do   one

test:  check whether a string is a valid type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  verify   user
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a default header lookup .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return all the backups that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   backups

test:  calculate the value of the agreement distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   pad
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  check a reset of components available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  create_test_db the table sql statements in the django management mode .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  create the threadpool to match the new threadpool .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available locations on the provider .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the relu function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rectified   null

test:  parse the zone description string and return a tuple of 2-tuples .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  parse   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the suite of the supplied host from the supplied host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a config file into one directory .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current utc current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a babel amount formatted for a locale .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate legendre rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  transform   hack
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a list of requirements from the master requirements : base the requirements file name to return the certificate cache the requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the given paths to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   translate
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup a file name for an anchor key grades .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps mapreduce in failure to catch debugging in them .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  utility function to calculate a float .
truth: print returns . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program can be set and the whitelist .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  null   type
truth:  if   test

test:  a assets function .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the url -> .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unshares photos from a users personal library and merge it to the followers .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  source   handler
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find an int among letters .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yield all modules found in the given locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a file to the given value of the given timeout .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  is   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for studio an error handler .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  check mutual score between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  adjusted   class
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a dtrace file for filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   version

test:  compute the magnetic field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  compute   op
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a numeric expression .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip eip morphological address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  handle a show token .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  do   a
truth:  use   use

test:  given integer f which is a ieee polynomial of p .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  given   series
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate the logarithm of a wishart matrix to the specified identity value of the wishart random variable .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build build results from the build failure that will serialize fingerprints for the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list interfaces of the interfaces and their names .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  list   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  l2 for generic model instance .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and numeric values of the given cryptovariable .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  compares   null

test:  the following activation function .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return a list of all available datacenter owned by the specified datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  return   properties
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a workflow or coordinator .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  resolve a port to the given host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the sign of a list .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  the main entry point .
truth: gui test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return the ec2 location list of workflow names to use .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a port cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  return a rule object from some component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  return   price
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the action information on the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  just like six .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the aliases class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  allow some logging to be run using logging .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  split a string from an array .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all the supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not already exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  possibly the stdout passing table after the last tree of styles: histogram histogram calculate the last line information .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  compute   edge
truth:  make   n

test:  get absolute path to a directory where target is stored in the system .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert c{bytes} to a string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space characters that signed .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize allocate to an ec2 security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  cache   security
truth:  authorize   network

test:  format the tooltip copper and hue-light .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   tooltip
truth:  null   helper

test:  takes a list of tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   lx

test:  return the current time in seconds since a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   timezone

test:  irelevant augmentation .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  null   
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey report for a given migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin allows you to define a game that will execute the builds .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   inp
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the universal climate platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the ip address contained in a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  looks up an object and uses pickleable specifications .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  looks   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  dump document/element certificates around ip directory .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dump   -
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required survey and fieldname .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a function does the string with html entities .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  auto-register data starting at position where each nontrivial is the data and should be alive .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the two-dimensional image .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  return   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of timezone of pytz time zone as defined in time zone * the current time zone * the sequence of timezone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  test   callback
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array with same endpoint as float values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  looks like the directories .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function which handles the user out .
truth: log out . 
test:  review   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return the indices where elements of the first kind is a sheet_codename .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   version
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the user is in use .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   a
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check if a config value is actually enabled on the interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   files
truth:  to   checks

test:  prepare the shared http server session .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  closes   client
truth:  saves   null

test:  print output .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   information

test:  load config file from json file and return a sosfiltfilt format object .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that an issues which contains issues and unwind are not make sure that it can split on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   os
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert json serializable for objects to an object or sparsearray .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the rackspace for the given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  insert elements into a sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  flattens   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over all active domain .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  display information about the specified package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  display   try
truth:  package   package

test:  creates an error to see if the given by: .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  collects   imports
truth:  gives   null

test:  return a tenant client .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether sleep sleeps sleeps the "restart sleeps if power sleeps .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  install a package with commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  install   uninstall
truth:  handle   osx

test:  configure logging .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  configure   configures
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ip addresses for network .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate an oauth request at which a url and scopes is to be sent the entire request that a url at which the user the response is already exists .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   default
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve a list of all the attribute classes .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check that the function descriptors in the function is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  handle a application .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  signal   templates
truth:  handle   handle

test:  updates context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  updates   wrap
truth:  null   in

test:  return the version of the named server cli example: .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   version

test:  same as twisted .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   part
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  the callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  if   argument
truth:  if   thing

test:  decorator: returns a copy of the given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  for all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  check   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check docstring not docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   increment
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the geonode error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  stop   error
truth:  null   something

test:  return true if the user has an action for the given action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   shows
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure a geojson of the ros given a list of stuff .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pending   up
truth:  null   null

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns next and current line string from a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a target from the values dict .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  vdi disk ids of an instance object to match the given instance .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return the cylindrical equation for the given point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  check a list of disk partitions for an disk file .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  test text stacked stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   stack
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  formats a lhs string and return a datetime object .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  p   datetime
truth:  null   lhs

test:  test that a file with guess fails if it fails .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  converts a packed byte array into zone objects .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  null   row

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do the else text of the given parse tree .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take an xml string and return a list of int .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  return a list of sql params .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a tuple containing the given number of integer values .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url to the latest url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation on the server requests either via the number of operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   arrays
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  turn string to string or its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  string   try
truth:  if   check

test:  get a pep 302 string from a dictionary of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  string   string

test:  select the current event .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if getting a negative exception of negative metadata evenly .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   up
truth:  test   test

test:  if x is useless .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   settings
truth:  fill   fill

test:  open a new .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  open   routine
truth:  function   function

test:  converts products if config is installed .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the xml element by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  fix a string of a password according to a ascii token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  show a specified package cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  do   print
truth:  delete   a

test:  list all of the specified file .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a test suite for the provided module module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the version string representing the version of the version string .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return availability aws data such that the given user name .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  text   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return another type for the given type of value type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  return   task
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log parameters logbase : array_like array observations of floats to be available and its data point .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  skills   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  authenticate using the request .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  using   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a file from a pkt-line .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a dictionary representing the backup metadata for a specific service metadata .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks term as days of the weeks vector .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the specified message with the given id .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve or disable the accepted settings depending on the provided addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   up
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the given string with base64 sencvec sencvec .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  test installing from history name .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames referenced from a new session to flip metadata about requested user .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test whether host should raise a movie private host .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  bind   bind

test:  return a subset of definitions from multiple keys .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  endpoint   converts
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  true if the class is a class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  test that .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  show   function
truth:  print   print

test:  the role to dynamically add a new role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if host is network interface .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  create one or more choice config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  create   patch
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns default prefix for the hadoop directories .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  default   commands
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the name of the module exists .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  create an rpm state .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative column of a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  issues a requests request status update .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  take the state of the state .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  take   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  to make sure that we are using the file extension .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  return a boolean value from a string .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   test
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parse whether or not an object is the filtering to a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  return   return

test:  pass in a key/value string to pass it to the pagerduty service .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  set the named user is after the managed managed cluster .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  set   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   compile
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new @help matrix .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a cluster clusters .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  pops   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  regression test for the unicode components properly needed to bind shade .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a url to corner image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  convert   part
truth:  given   null

test:  extract a between the qpixmap field of the given model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse options and return the hardware options for a given dict .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  test the actual markup routine .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  if   self

test:  set lock lock lock the time .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  enable   runs
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send user email using email} auth .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the path with the file without the extension .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the last line of active the backend .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  strips a phone extension .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parent of the parent process for the given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  return   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates new graph from an adjacency matrix given as list of networkx n the order .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this is required to be quoted on the input style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  is   reports
truth:  return   a

test:  generate one random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  verifying the output file with os-default the output file implementation .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  is   null

test:  derive any environment variables for both the xml and app_name .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  force   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update one or more file to the user files .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  update   use
truth:  to   null

test:  parses the given datetime .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of database definitions in ssh calls .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace hash and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sin weights .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  training   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the path to the root directory of a root .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  step step handles processor .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   returns
truth:  step   step

test:  execute and return last slash of the final program .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  module   node
truth:  like   node

test:  edit the topic edit page .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  remove   shows
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run the command component .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable the system module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  disable   scipy
truth:  return   a

test:  an argument to a amount of argument itself .
truth: like zip . 
test:  null   return
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raises an exception if a resource does not already exist .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  given   a

test:  a more readable file size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  file   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   partition

test:  create later filters from idle metadata files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set break-point and layers for a particular user .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  do we want to do some of the given dtype .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for non-none .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode object as unicode friendly .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  content   attribute
truth:  object   object

test:  get a value for a service .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  push   value
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience wrapper around *keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  apply the subset of the hidden function by its tags .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  return   files
truth:  filter   a

test:  the training data as a training dataset .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  takes   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  load only the given compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  load   number
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test whether interpolation is surface for random fitting .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  setup   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return an rpc-safe datetime tuple .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the learn .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   change
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the top images for the specified name and level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a private key from a pkcs#8 interface .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds the other value of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if status['state'] is enabled .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the sequence of nested weekly .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  keep   null

test:  returns a mock xml links .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function will return desktop object from the response http response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  download and return data structure from the given file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  download   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path for the executable executable in this directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on return a compatible version of works .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: claim-build send categories at certain commit .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a human readable array .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare the distance between the differing distribution parameters axis : 2d array the distance matrix the estimate of the distance matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  calculates   request
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of pretty hash for the same code as amo-validator .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  to   print
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate first colon at least two points .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a new dictionary that can aggregate available for the specified function .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an object return the name of the package .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  look   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones legacy group if the given virtual machine .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a collection editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  initialize the given instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value for the given params .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  set up environment separated environment .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create a global scope .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check if any kwarg methods override none .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a dictionary of items from a dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a base-36 binary tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  return   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  for testing .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  error   task
truth:  check   check

test:  create the schema index .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  create   in
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder estimation of kalite attachment .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from a directory to its variables .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  open a string for logging .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  determine specific registry name .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  ensures   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a network entries according to a list of vlan .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  update a editor in the database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  update   function
truth:  called   null

test:  return a dict of pillar for the given minion .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  return   get
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return vpn information about the execution .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   current

test:  returns a random column of the given line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  a simple view for djangos requests .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  create   information
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the cached source file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points with points removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the preferred lli loops from the loop loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  set up a logger for the given emitted as root .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  generate checker messages from a python source file in the given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a list of the names of a table or just the table specified by the metadata of the table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if chef is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices in the given audio output .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  frees   null

test:  return the foreign key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return email expansion for a user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  email   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated float as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability for all nodes of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the kind with a plaintext block .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   returns
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  call the vote function for fs .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  fetches   options
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a positive parses a positive .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this is called by an default pending conditional .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  if the code is a code and parent_is_init .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  used   check
truth:  creates   a

test:  represent the levi-civita symbol .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if we can generate an cassandra key for the given key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   host
truth:  patch   patch

test:  check if the user has an profile according to the given profile .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  record   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  add quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  add   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the value of any defined segment .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  converts a [r]return license to 2 .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  is   whitespace
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  displays the pointer *ptr* of a intrinsic pointer .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  displays   messages
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a private service instance using both real and private links .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  pick   build
truth:  create   a

test:  from a list of nodes .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  lists   edge
truth:  construct   null

test:  return web method in web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  like   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield a file from a file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  random random string into words .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  null   source
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  converts an rgb image to a tuple of rgb .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  to   iterator
truth:  return   shape

test:  with new users .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  view   default
truth:  to   null

test:  individual submitted message .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   handle
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  restart   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  raise the enveloped message for the specified saml tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  parses   a

test:  execute running application .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  disables   program
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  registers the user in web server .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   populate
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts seq .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  seq   number
truth:  count   count

test:  get source points from coords at source points .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the given request is a 'kbforum-post-min' response .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  returns   puids
truth:  null   helper

test:  return flattened metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return an optional module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled in master .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a new node and append node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate data from the given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   print
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formats a given limit string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   collection
truth:  return   a

test:  return a explicit role string for a config file .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the universal component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   stop
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails this plug-in allows you configure mappings that will execute the build step on the job .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  rebuild   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered record .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   bit
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open file path .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   a
truth:  open   a

test:  split a string into a signed python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  pending   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the actual collections for a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the verisure sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested if a default response is launched .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  if   index
truth:  null   dummy

test:  import a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a current time .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple decorator for adding a function to section .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of two-tuples and a class .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  find   a
truth:  log   history

test:  convert from hex string into hex n values .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   a

test:  force an class[compiler]except object by name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  force   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  see comments .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  called   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check an ndarray of a view must be a subset of floats .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  tries to scroll an element from the element to become time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  looks for the message ready to the classification' .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  fake   details
truth:  null   method

test:  create a tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize the abi file handle formatted records from a cdao method/function .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns the luhn number of even digits as a string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  select sql from object .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   noop
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  like mock but supports the search-related logic .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  like   network
truth:  function   function

test:  escape function to beaconsd conversion of args .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  for use in string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt have a validator that asserts that the decorated validator should be called .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  build a string for printing a given string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  runs alpha and colors .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  runs   security
truth:  show   image

test:  quick view that sends the current version of schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   render
truth:  view   view

test:  like dir() .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  like   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  from url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  see   null

test:  converts text for the paragraph paragraph to unicode .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  there are no threading to prevent thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  see   a
truth:  function   function

test:  receives an instance of a dictionary .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the package .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  compute the gradient of samples of one or more volumes follows .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  compute   exports
truth:  correct   correct

test:  load a notebook object .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  load   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  import a logger .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  import   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the admin model model for the given model .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a context .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  return   html
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules output to use .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that the given function is an abstract base of the same kind .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   os
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add the credentials to the given tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  add   null
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns tables in cache .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  cast   precision
truth:  null   validation

test:  given a method name so it gets called after the test database is set up to it gets the arguments gets the test database .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  needs   null

test:  return id of  files or block .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  create a path and return the object .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  escapes   reference
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  add   blocks
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all points in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if path can be a file folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string or u{url} header into a list of range .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  transforms volume id to a copy" .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  transforms   method
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for project_id .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  creates a widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  creates   -
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the python non-overlapping non-overlapping the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  split braces .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   parse
truth:  setup   argument

test:  just like string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  null   path
truth:  fake   fake

test:  determine the project account for a git command or a filename .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the total energy of a placeholder or a path .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  return   cotangent
truth:  signal   signal

test:  get a weakly error number .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   append
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: resource resource plugin sends a list of /bin/sh for the build .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression equals expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that applies a user to an fully created by a given editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns a path with a list of strings into a list of strings .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string s into hex .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  return the name of the user .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   get

test:  notify free 5 .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  word copy of four characters .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  works   quote
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets unavailable of opening from a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  initializes   try
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert string to zero .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a simple intersection graph that has the following equation: positive overlapping or llvm graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provide provided documents using tables in k[x] .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  index   sets
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts training calls to a collection of calls the descriptions index for the given batch and attribute .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a list of xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute the rows and the traffic_server .
truth: train model . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  model   model

test:  asynchronously enumerate domains available to a connected web service .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  access   null
truth:  read   a

test:  update the data for the ask system .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  update   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return an array with the args of the given length .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  return   one
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   host
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns an api operation on api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively join lists of tensors .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  checks code object for grunt .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  common weighted __doc__ .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a table that is properly escaped when the primary column names of a table that it is first column names and the primary column names .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  doing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the individual but gets static files .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements from django statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the task specified .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write data for a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  the {'get-foo' templates .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   loops
truth:  null   a

test:  build a method/test to all mocks flow if both entire client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   runs
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is an integer or a list of integer values .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of the names of the iterable activity dashboard external management .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   return

test:  add a property or a pathnames[ index from path .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  specified   null

test:  negative negative (which function .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   run
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate and return a flag flags as a specific configuration dict .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  value   file
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the stims part of a given type .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for use in unicode if this is a string .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  dataset   basestring
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the egg that serves the given package .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  wrapper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   callable
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  return   test
truth:  note   in

test:  transform an object into a kind of data .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  adapt   data

test:  test if a revision has been able to overwrite the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  sample   metadata
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages were saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  to   user
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the users file exists .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  given the given command object .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  given   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload from worksheet .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  generate   -
truth:  -   -

test:  report report report with the hierarchy of y .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  report   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the server module is available .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  if   check

test:  do a deprecation patching a particular type .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  do   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  returns a unique stable list of unique stable stable .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function to handle various maxmind errors .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  function   call
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two 2-dimensional arrays using v2 .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   implementation
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a libzmq libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  extract   half
truth:  download   download

test:  return the z url for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  return   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles order and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  order   api
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the half of a component timeseries from a blanks column .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  point   user
truth:  null   permutations

test:  we get data from weeks ago it the document lazyloader .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  retrives   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the latitude/longitude of a given vector .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  define   returns
truth:  produce   a

test:  split a aggregate aggregate to a function .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge raw jobs from the javascript jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  gather   return
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class for a method node .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return a list of all activities from all activities and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string of text containing all trailing whitespace and does not respect to the following: - dedents - dedents - converts newlines before and after the first line
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  construct a task from a dictionary of speficied as a relative time .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  uses the process trytoregisteranalreadyregisteredprocess to check if pid is running under the process of the given pid is running under pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  uses   attempt
truth:  register   a

test:  return a transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if the specified item is the accept header and the current accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for the given module and url for the given module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts filesystem to a given instance .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the first smoothness such that the maximum will been closed from the first smoothness .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply dictionary to values of d .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the given repo and return a tuple of the corresponding 4 .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  close   fix
truth:  parse   a

test:  taken from django .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage check files to jenkins client requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given url has a valid one or more pathname .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all supplied arguments using a command arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  build usage usage for specified project and refresh the given job .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  do   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns list of variables within docstring .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  memcache recording environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  locate   datetime
truth:  start   recording

test:  delete the published posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  update   update

test:  create and starts user with user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a new private keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  return   certificate
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton base array .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  convert a package name to a collection .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image support will apply images to an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   checker
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of all the json files associated with a given file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allows the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  check   prints
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a sending as json for some given request .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  transforms the given statements in a scopedcontext statements so that its kind of policy is being passed into a statement .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  iterate   attribute
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is a valid variable name .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a query string to a given entry .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  function   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  request attempts to show an experiment view of requests .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copy data from src to an zappa .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to scan the brick in brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  toggle directories of the filesystem file from the local directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  creata a file using a temporary url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   module
truth:  process   process

test:  sends a parse request .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  sends   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a dictionary containing the default signal for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run a new remote remote host on the given remote by ssh .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   output
truth:  command   command

test:  there is a b-length that may be added to the pattern small_stmts .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representation of a path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an protected .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  convert xml string with a capital value that has no identical value .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the list of all colors currently active mapping file .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of permutations at a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the relative two functions .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all versions of this anonymous function .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for legal application methods .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  null   get
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing fits .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  join   integer
truth:  default   default

test:  setup the firetv automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used by strings that have no whitespaces .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  set   up

test:  get ip address of record for given record .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  tries to parse a authentication html .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove file to connect to the file to connect to the file to the file to the
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot vc for vc .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   current
truth:  load   load

test:  get method object from doctypes .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the sub version from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  display   a
truth:  import   a

test:  function to return the entire spline segments .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   quantityinfo
truth:  return   return

test:  return the web server which can be used as web .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  send   a
truth:  has   null

test:  convert an event object to a logged in to test result set_config .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  is   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an email to the autenticate .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  get   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  for a given function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features that are discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of random fields for the object .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  ljust -> string list .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch valid account for wagtailimages_image_model .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the global_config .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  write '<filename>' data to public .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  write   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file by using a cache directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  generates links to the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  splits a regex list of dimensions .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  custom page for request  .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a list of inspection reads .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  each boundary with the given buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a string to a dict .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   whitespace
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the readme metadata for a repository defined by the tool shed features for a repository defined by the combination of a repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return partition entries .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the platform-dependent .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a extension string code in the given format string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the proper flavor image file for a given flavor image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   find
truth:  base   base

test:  raise the facebook binary search of the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  get and return a list of all filters .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id and tries to filter an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wait for a requests request to the appscale output .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a random length from list of versions .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a test test test test data directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   create
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert string to location string containing html string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  make a job forms .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send a message about the linux system on the linux command .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  returns   message
truth:  show   system

test:  link to a link for the document .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a writeable temporary directory that creates a temporary directory and set it to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create path for end to get a graph from the end of the file to end .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  create   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest data as resource languages .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   close
truth:  update   update

test:  loads a reverts product from a file or a file-like object .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a module to the rest module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a testsuite that has all the flask tests between all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  return   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  return a string for the given year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh a specific version .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all the hosts for this module .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of the provided tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator that converts the current request library to its arguments .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  null   python
truth:  ensure   null

test:  update the country token .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  update   reset
truth:  changes   changes

test:  given user and author .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  organisation rest controller - used when displaying both crumb - used .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  filtered   rest
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link to the current thread .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  fit fit confirmation confirmation estimator .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  fit   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a function .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  null   element

test:  create a template .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reload the real version matching git .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  email   a
truth:  manage   paths

test:  return the key string for an entity .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the loaded module .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available module names on the cloud provider .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  return   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the script name .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  print mobsf and batch .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  print   download
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to end a batch for batch such that it is composed .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  splits   x

test:  get individual unit result from src to the same unit as individual .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return copy of :class:authstore from heliocentric conflicting .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  return   metric
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and initialize a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a save instance for a given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  add the given model to the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   add
truth:  produce   null

test:  helper function to save and configure a module from the current module .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  validate and return a description of dict1 .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  validate   aggregate
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  build resource to the os process .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load and return a module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   find
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  efficiently generate taylor return the trailing coefficient of n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  mark a function as deprecated for use in the data line .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a function name from a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  function   a
truth:  match   match

test:  read stats stats file into a list of directories .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test eeg data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  filtered   matrices
truth:  test   test

test:  return given set of human-readable traceback and the given list of tb .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: claim-build trigger the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:slack for each project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  enhanced the user to the staticfiles object representation .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  test to make sure that a syscall are reported .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query to the selected ip .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  convert a file path to a folder path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   import

test:  create the authentication result where any of formatting .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for the func2 .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   get
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for each argument value from a file .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  slightly would like pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  works   null
truth:  create   a

test:  unquote a user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  record the number of item that correspond to the first record type .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a given module setting from a category setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  create a new task of initial style task and alias .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  create   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  parses access internaldate .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  content   app
truth:  get   get

test:  parses string start at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  look   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a string to the extension .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   null

test:  return string representation of value specified by value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  value   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any enabled import import this function we need the _ function we need to translate logs are
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   check

test:  return a filename formatted string from a file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generate a random column of sparse actions with the same number given values .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the vm this only .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether the object passed is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the console buffer for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  initialize input arguments .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a list of services for each of the given service types .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the list of created ips of the host .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last access of the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test magic function .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  shows   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current encoding language for the given encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns if the current database name is in the context of a db .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  if   module
truth:  use   in

test:  remove the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  function   function

test:  this convert __repr__ to a binary string if it should use by another .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  code   code

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a url has cache characters .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a context manager that aware small_stmts pki .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the last comments formatted for the comment .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given event is swap since it is first tic is changed .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  configuration dictionary .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run zookeeper updatehash .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is used to list of all the no-op .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the original object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that the user is *not* be displayed in nopython are displayed
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconstruct id from hex id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   interpolation
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  make the pipe of the given segments .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  perform one or more default values .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  perform   sum
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function that creates and returns json representation .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   serialize
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a condition to the type of the array or scalar values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  this is a helper function .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  is   check
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current user of the provided user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this utility function parses the confine headers from an replaygain .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  email   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return a set of an object with an attribute for each conf parameter names .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element by index .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if the current movie player is seekable' .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if file is running .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  if   try
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  check that a tree can be used as an attribute .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a signature signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get templates from a thread .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  file   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the cost functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of the cuda driver .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  generate an entity token with values of the specified entity key .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  generate   use
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the reference to the space for the given space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  access   a
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the state of the named release new update to be run in the remote update too new .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  do   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  wrap a file path to a filename .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  wrap   generate
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   list
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test connectivity in p-value .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  is   derivative
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   load
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a validator that just returns regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if the current revision is equal .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts a usagekey to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  use   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that installing a reqs unnamed unnamed should work properly written by overriding the right unnamed warnings .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authenticate with a client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that shows a pairs or check if the pairs of an enabled application .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update an arch linux package .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and d2 .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of modules from plugins .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the optimizer absolute deviation for each pixel tuple of them .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   tuple
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize all mappers that have been constructed when this event was changed .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set current stream from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks it is a sequence or tuple .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  if a backreturn has a backreturn .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  a helper function for the standard normal distribution .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  mean   divmod
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute value of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  reset a user based on connections .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  parses   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  calculate optimal optimal name for a set of polynomials .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   multiply
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers the given gradient .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   function
truth:  register   register

test:  update file using a file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps dtype to statas types for stata .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  return a valid python identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   up
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  normalize the given cache directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  create a feature function with one of the given shape .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred encoding preferred environment used by locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  to   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the given local root directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback message to the buffer of the given thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the peers the peers peers is managing .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of random sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  force an image to a file .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  force   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds a config port for the given port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  start   null
truth:  config   config

test:  generate a dictionary of sorted messages .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  determines whether the given user has a disallow to the given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a 2d polynomial labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules under the given test suite .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default name for this quickly .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event listener .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a database password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  return   users
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections of the loop for a points .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   redirects
truth:  add   add

test:  return a string containing a python object sizes .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   split
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  a wrapper around os .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  this function is used to send in -> none .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  create   render
truth:  sends   null

test:  get a list of all the known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change the ssh repository and updates a remote one .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  change   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parsbb percentile given the machine will correctly be returned by neutron arguments: oh byte str on the machine will stop displayed or :data:unknown_distro .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  choose   request
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest result for all detected snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  make nested input to a list of tuples .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  given a list of language codes .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  list all returner services cli example: .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  list   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the gaussian decomposition of the gaussian arrays .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  run a list of virtual status cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read from the object .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  work out mappings that are available for the crash .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  work   work
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order function kv(z) is the modified bessel function of real-order with respect to z .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones' for zone .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get a single random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection from the site_query data .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert a call to a dictionary .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  send the given message about javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  send   a
truth:  make   null

test:  trim some time .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  trim   filename
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 list of complex components of a vector3 list of maximum components of vector3s and remove
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the module to the existing module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return all the best objects of a given iterator .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  running   running

test:  read cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  hash   etag
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a task from the given value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  view   count
truth:  module   module

test:  attempts to embed a shell known type from monkey-patching where users is being installed .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an iterable of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  create   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the database that the metics of the given path is actually implemented from the database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of urls that matches the given urls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  concatenate an iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   change
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  stripped to make sure that the specified error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  to   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  check to see if the given episodes rule exists .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  return   list
truth:  given   a

test:  the first element in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  null   seq
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for use in future .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   back
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to return a machine session after the specified session and the value passed to a machine .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  rheader for name/value if $home is set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  aggregate   in
truth:  using   registry

test:  return a list of an user records .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  return   split
truth:  clear   null

test:  tests that the in-db store and loads a store_fs file is specified as a store_fs .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  to   whitespace
truth:  create   a

test:  for attribute parameters iterable : object attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the output with a 2d subset of the array with a set of arrays from filter parameters filter design .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  float   return
truth:  null   spline

test:  make a list of flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  builds a list of history items from specified queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the gpu gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status code cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   null
truth:  show   show

test:  return the text version used to convert version to a web version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  return   html
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a decorator into a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  clean up the absolute segment components of absolute segment components .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  perform a string .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a string into a python list .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  string   string

test:  return a number of total objects id .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   a

test:  used as style encoding and httperror .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a deferred representing the arguments of the arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   benchmark
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the list of available locale codes cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   properties

test:  install if the user has been processed .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  if   null
truth:  run   a

test:  regression test for a bug that caused works as custom state .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: scm this yaml: yaml: scm to your build scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  display a main application .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  access   models
truth:  point   point

test:  change grouped[columns]return to key .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   set
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return indentation of indentation used by non-empty index .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of all projects that have deleted .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a given path should be available for the cache .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for adding an iterator to test cases .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  if the environment has the subtype .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  setup   nit
truth:  supply   null

test:  returns the linear interpolation b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively traverse a given filename and return it .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  missing   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  try to find the compiler wav using the given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-global-stats <spider> - get stats .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to pinned_array .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  render   encode
truth:  generate   a

test:  configure the changes from the selected refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  changes   delete
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements %} .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return an installed index of the installed axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  return   array
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  query   a

test:  parse the metadata header into a pair .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute the exponential range of order .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  mask   toggle
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper for median et block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  authenticate wants of cos**2 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  array   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   html
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  display the user out if the .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  installed   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a single socket value from a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  will check if *obj* is a container object .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  inspect   implementation
truth:  if   test

test:  clear newaxis]return sum of the rectified function .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  apply   duplication
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all all non-alphanumeric characters that match any losing characters .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  this overrides an object as a unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered into a 3d line which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return the current descriptor as a variety of a dataframe .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  return   source
truth:  read   head

test:  take a string of the json values .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  take   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return the 'sqrtn' :typetype of the order distribution .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  output   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  return the system time as a string representation of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  delete a single locale .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  if   validate

test:  a nice table should alphanumeric the scenario 3 column names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  resample polynomial of markdown .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tuple of the major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns dict of all the information about the given xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   test
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the status for the given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  mask the complex & nearest maximum to a given format .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if path passed to link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a version of numpy .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  only run the pickling function .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  unconditionally skip a test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   test
truth:  test   test

test:  like delete .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  write   null
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a dict of url -> returns a dict of result values .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  get   a

test:  if image is set .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  to   metadata
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to float or raise a float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a root column .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context activation reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of installed python modules .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack any data from a subset of included into the format .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   find
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create the linode .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  allows a mapping of names to extract the expression within a list of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  pick   return
truth:  search   a

test:  upload a zip zip file to the given filename and returns it .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  for a given package path path to the container parent directory path will be considered the child library object .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  splits a list of grouped data into one of the corresponding list of their corresponding event .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the current article for the given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decide   null

test:  compare two basic auth id .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  format kargs function .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  format   string
truth:  function   function

test:  demonstrate demonstrate context manager and show the context for debugging .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   entry
truth:  minimize   a

test:  returns a twitter root directory .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  writes   time
truth:  controls   controls

test:  open the indexing configuration file for path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  append   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an iterable of services and multiple activity requests .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put user instance .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   uuid
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  test   node
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character in the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix note: currently very expensive examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns indexers indexers files .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  figure   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  a function for the geos module .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  if volume id are enabled .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   indent
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transforms a list of 2d series to a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get the first occurence of the lines in a set of lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  split   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a new computenode and populates the values with the values from the database .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of the paths of all the source files for that in a directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced and delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  show   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate that the given utfbytes is present .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country calling code for a non-geographical country calling code for a non-geographical type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return either the anonymous url string or  url .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  remove an lines from the given logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  remove   format
truth:  null   a

test:  generate nodes of genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a iso 8601 metadata according to url .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  check to make sure the enabled credentials are allowed .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  report   report

test:  initialize this version string and return the content as a file .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  server   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: pluginelement this plugin allows you to define a build step that w has an xcode build tag .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   groovy
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the string starting with this scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test unless orchestration .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  replace tab name with / -> string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  replace   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the url to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  decorates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  return step with log represented by log .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  step   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  takes a multi-line specification and returns it as a python binary .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   value
truth:  is   null

test:  add beveled fill_value .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   cylinder
truth:  add   add

test:  convert nt used in namedtuple into dict .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  convert   disk
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run a sql query and return its parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  build the parser from the given python package .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  tokens   a
truth:  persist   parser

test:  output the list of all the objects within a list .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  true the list of files under the whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc instance for the given datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   a

test:  print folder folder at the end of the source folder .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  print   runs
truth:  open   svg

test:  yield a generator which returns a generator of nodes from a file-like object until a filer format is created .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  yield   method
truth:  null   method

test:  ensures that node and columns have a ast offset .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  given a new open object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dict containing a pem certificate revocation list of certificate revocation access to a pem certificate file .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  takes a file with the s3 paths and returns a list of paths that match the contents of a files should be found in the s3 bucket cache files and
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the source script for the given word .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- shows the users with the path .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  apply   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  checking to make sure elements of exp_id is not implemented in the p39 certain valueerror .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  download   null
truth:  m   m

test:  return a list of uid to the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns path to the directory containing mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for a test if unittest is only present on a filesystem .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a list of the paths that should be considered as a directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  return   os
truth:  iterate   null

test:  this takes the configuration file and shows the config .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  switch   set
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a new widgets with a multi-line widget object suitable for use in admin .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the ia lookup to do :jenkins-wiki:sloccount .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  compute   workers
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the current thread .
truth: validate children . 
test:  setup   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  entry point for running pyinstaller application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  point   checker
truth:  create   create

test:  return a summary of the execution of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster raster png filter on the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a user containing all errors within system .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  print   formats
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  sets the u'gettext' for the given strings .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   parses
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper to get the extras of an extras distribution .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   x
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the archivable object and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set with the given image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return iterator over all chunks in heap .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform the python implementation to accept a clipping .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  setup   testing
truth:  null   memory

test:  set global configuration imports for the bokeh config file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  set   load
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns an instance of current user cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all sm backend for a given sm backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  download a string to the target .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  download   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add view for plugin use by quote_escape module to a request or access .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  add   use
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if the given user is currently html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a string containing the major of the given vm version the user to connect to .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  calculates the absolute segmentation field of the points .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect an streams stream to standard streams stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  set   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  check given varint value .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates an documentation for the user display .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   reset
truth:  annotate   a

test:  look for a given exam in the given settings .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  look   add
truth:  add   in

test:  convert a single quotes in the form of a one-one .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  if   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a file if it does not exist .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return exact django-storage-swift from a default column .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute the power of plural along a function .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  compute   spearmans
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add the given notebook cell to the notebook cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   compile
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous model class based on the given settings and path string of the given settings .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  model   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  parse imports .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   cmap
truth:  replace   division

test:  registers a given event on a specific event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  registers   users
truth:  sets   sets

test:  insert the directory dirlist if 1) doesnt already in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return an considered container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  return   container
truth:  get   container

test:  test if we are a string image .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  starts an author .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two counter which are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the addition page with the given xml character .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  generates   null

test:  utility method to construct an attribute string that validates the following attribute names and return them as returned by the python source interface .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   method
truth:  construct   null

test:  single url .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  normalize   a

test:  user add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a new form that has the admin form for the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  check whether or not an iterable of errors outside the given list of errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  check   run
truth:  pass   pass

test:  converts from an rgb array into a numpy array .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if path has already installed .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json id or remount if remount exists .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  minutes the rsa cipher from n to the response .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  receive   option
truth:  msg   msg

test:  parse a file .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check two pathnames of a and b are equal .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  check   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  calling 1002 on an old-style and old-class should evaluate total .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  calling   addition
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node from the given args and return it .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches the contents of the long description from a text file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  fetches   read
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  ping the specified device heartbeat .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  ping   access
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether there is blocked for the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register the sensor types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   send
truth:  register   register

test:  close a dns device .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a callback for the given module .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   fix
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if detaching is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  function   predicate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a query string to a list of http tuples .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   queries
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating milestone associated with the given content from the *x*-axis api .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  stop   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of interactive script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   image
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if the encoding used by the given encoding point .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  s   encoding
truth:  return   return

test:  unpickles exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  to   null

test:  read a file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of tuples of an array elements of the given property .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  need   need

test:  render requests using json parser .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   lock
truth:  render   a

test:  run the given user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then then smooth addresses .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a query record .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  is   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate a string representing a boolean like @ balancer .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   callable
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert the gompertz .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a basic namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  return   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the k and append the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to guess if source files are available .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   a
truth:  source   source

test:  float '%f' .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  value   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the tracks for the given version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects to the specified path if no page exists .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where a fix table were specified by wrapping columns on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  like query .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like limit .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  union   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check to make sure other-config is a keyinfo operator .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  to   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  return a python level class for a python level .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the parallels object corresponding to the vm range .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  return   return

test:  replace python exceptions that isnt always allocated by openstack on python 2 .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a python number given a string using ascii characters .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a list of recently from the pci alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a sibling file into the file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the given gc signal handler .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  to   try

test:  a joined random integer butterworth from the interval of provided .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a contextmanager that expects a repository version should be facilitates for a response .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  null   context
truth:  context   context

test:  remove files under root and password .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   workaround
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience method to redirect to a dict .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  to   handle
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new collection .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   fits
truth:  add   add

test:  returns multiple metadata of a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   prompt
truth:  fake   version

test:  get a know information on the line2 object .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  import module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  module   task
truth:  build   html

test:  takes a given calendar and end date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   periods
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle tcp parameter to handle .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  find   length
truth:  null   null

test:  compile the compiler compiler of an unpacker .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  copied   literal
truth:  null   inject

test:  return setting of currently active setting .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the list of regions that matches the same country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  opens a python libcloud object has been replaced on init .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  time   test
truth:  function   function

test:  list of children .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  reset   list
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces class this function is just a class definition where all the interfaces string is called in the class the class probabilities or execution of the class
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return a list of compatible version from freebsd modules cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  do a list of values in the given results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  do   implementation
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate a random letter id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a dict of the elements of a primitive query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict containing the exploration model objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a new set of model is defined by permission .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  model   function
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a content-type header into a dict of parameters .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  build   a

test:  generate a dictionary for storing the django layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given src .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from password or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  reshape of the middle-most distribution parameters n : array the number of points of the max polynomial coefficients of the order of the tty coefficients .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  install the specified module .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  install   a
truth:  look   in

test:  build a collection of mappings into a list of mappings .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast breakage correctly .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a qtransform .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  always return a native path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an index of a file from the last position of a .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate scope for a given name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a string or byte string to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  coerce   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  save the user to the email .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  search for the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  restart the quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  restart   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any string to prevent search_ac .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  string   string

test:  for windows .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  null   check
truth:  files   files

test:  require the permission .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  require   null

test:  run all the child summary of the given interval summary domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  run   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parses a response file and returns a dictionary of ast .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parses   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn kernel for given svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  list   check
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert a string to a normalized spatial spatial cross function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  stacks   docstring
truth:  null   opposite

test:  compute the jacobian statistic at the given distribution parameters x : array the observed linear unit returns distributions : float or distributions and x is the observed correlation matrix notes
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  compute   sample
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the given object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  echo calls of categorical function .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   question
truth:  prompts   null

test:  the measurement measurement in a measurement image should be a random column .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  null   weights
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parses out the image namespaces and returns a list of cmd which were returned as a string .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  define   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a url to a string .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  parse   url
truth:  return   return

test:  check if currently installed packages .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  pull function for the test suite into sys .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of markdown extensions that are available for markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the string and get the associated one .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  read   null
truth:  converts   layer

test:  direct a response with the given context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  to   default
truth:  null   replacement

test:  get average step and relaxed values by a+b+c} .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  go   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create an hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  compute   status
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns true if the media user has permission to the media account .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  to   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an object containing the setup tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  given an console list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  given   show
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user from the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute that asserting repeated inverse operator are in data .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parses the contents of the individual in the same stack .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  create staff ticklocs and return a string with the travis state .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  create   cluster
truth:  run   run

test:  set the entry for applying a node .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns whether the current frame is visible for the specified frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  setup up the z-wave switch platform .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return file path for .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  get the most appropriate list- headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  calculate   line
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send mail link mail .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple view that expects registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  function   shows
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes bytes into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a table of name .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  create   null
truth:  wrap   table

test:  helper to get the timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure the path components are permitted to allow some path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a workaround pattern into a string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  null   foo

test:  takes a nested rc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  takes   add
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a string into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  split   a

test:  build a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  install   a
truth:  add   a

test:  execute a given user_id on a list of its id .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  queries   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a sqlite .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns an instance of the given hyperparameter and *obj* .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  this function takes a set of data and returns the extensions for metadata places .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns a single code returns a tuple of integers of potentially partial seconds .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  is   null
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given replace to the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with the file text from the search text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   one
truth:  get   get

test:  get all the gce from a cloud policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  is this a character that will be sent as an unicode string .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  is   extension
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the line of the source line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  indent   returns
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  count the count of all words in a given value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   function
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this function is used to manually manually for a given api .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  lookup an answer for a given resolver .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  lookup   cache
truth:  given   a

test:  returns website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   reports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement the step function which implement the given module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  call   call

test:  the string outputs the original outputs on the specifying that the model cases is specified in the table .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the specified package is a distros .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  regression test for issue #1256 .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that requires a symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   decorator

test:  true if node is an instance of the given target node .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  files   return
truth:  match   a

test:  this is a simple example function to check if address is a encapsulation dao function .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined error execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  same as closing .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  null   create
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the attribute/action .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure the decorated function is set and it will handle the response object for the type rather than the type of a scalar .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  function   back
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is return none .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  x should x given the exponential matrix .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   variance
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a module object for byte .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new wxpython style from a list of doc .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete one resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  adds ssl style / running in the site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  ssl   custom
truth:  add   custom

test:  if some quote quote .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries by adding new dictionaries to *dicts it from a task if the *dicts attribute .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  helper function to parse the make_boolean(-) source location of the template output files and return a mysql object .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide vhds from a file .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  represent   check
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points requirements are parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a parameters object based on the db definition .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container on node .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this function takes a setup .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a raw entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the structure for displaying a map changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  poll   migrate
truth:  run   run

test:  execute command execution and return the result .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a invalidates client parameters for the given config_string .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  cycle through the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the throttling limit to the many axes space .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  run the command line interface via main .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split the given output by the program .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  place place under migration installed .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for specified function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list all the currently supported language codes .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  fileserver alteration selectors .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  content   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all filters belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  generate the case flags by id .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a pair of the package that the deployment cannot use .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   method
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  if given template exists .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  default   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the grant url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse /etc/default/networking file into parts of one of the public components .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates a new prepare command .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  prepare   element
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make a testcase to test an implementation of tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   start
truth:  analyze   a

test:  inject a format based on its parameters .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  project   rest
truth:  used   null

test:  import the given version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  import   dict
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test installing from a nice file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  joins   errors
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  like horizontal .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  like   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the pid of the process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for normality .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert init object to simple brick .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform any .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  if the set of files exist in the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   run
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple text passed in the text .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  searches for the \n# information .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  searches   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable a file to a directory that atomically updates it .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  logging   file
truth:  open   temporary

test:  creates a file from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  function   load
truth:  load   a

test:  converts the python text so that the tree is already in python .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  need   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the edge context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses an option tree and formats it into a string .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  parses   authentication
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  create a configuration file .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   dependencies
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the current item in the response .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  prefix   patch
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a function that initializes a function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  load lines of text from a file of text / boto3 format .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  load   use
truth:  read   a

test:  setup tagging separated set .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   sets
truth:  help   help

test:  convert a zmq version string to private version message .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return the log object compiled in the object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the time where the quotes will bond3 .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validates that a set or raise an exception if x is true .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns whether the two strings are equal within a lot of polygon .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the flat array of the first kind of the given platform .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   x
truth:  compute   norm

test:  parses the resource from the parent .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  increment   a
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  default   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function to serialize markdown classes .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  function   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a linear order differential equation with activation and their p-value parameters .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  limit   return
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to convert plain tree to errors .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the filename is a '/usr/local/' request .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  this deletes the given single tab tabs as well .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  reads list of '<head> group .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  list   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  runs a cfg .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  determine the score from data to the given stem[ .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  rescales   attempts
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the first osmc expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a base_scalar query to set if a field are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  return file name .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string for the left .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  if   check

test:  expression_opt : expression comma empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   listening_ports
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the linear unit function calls a sequence of updates .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return the links to display in the footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all products found in the store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete commit where clause and numeric where clause .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  commit   remove
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   override
truth:  place   place

test:  return an collect 2-tuple of tcl for tcl external tcl .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  combine column filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of a file and return its results in as passed string .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  load the calendar file and return a calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  full integer least two numbers .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  used by cms - used which applies a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  access   function
truth:  return   a

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call the args and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  sets the global copy of the tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  load   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain the device device name from a file using the loop .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  return the appropriate plugin numpys at the given "required" .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  return   find
truth:  set   set

test:  list all available windows classes .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  works   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the given volume to a new filesystem .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: set or get the finder-comment of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrapper around fasta_out_fp: .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   lock
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create a new sailthru cli example: .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   list
truth:  list   list

test:  load the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  load   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the robust endpoint of a diagonal unit .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  return true if path is a dotted invalidportname'{ .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list applied to execute a tuple .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  list   basestring
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  find all the required name with the name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   user
truth:  present   null

test:  returns the domain name for this given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of bytes corresponding to a sequence of precision .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] for irreducibles .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   irreducibility
truth:  results   results

test:  list all the groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   information
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of data points .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  is   text
truth:  express   a

test:  return true if the sequence is a common ending that is an array .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  set username of given user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  reset   returns
truth:  returns   roles

test:  this should be an instance of every underlying functions start with the dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  null   cls
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get a document for available discussion art .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a crack on the schwarz .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  set a user where a document is a document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  takes   frappe
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  getter attributes from a metadata or a cascading .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  to   one
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a cache string and adds data to admin email address .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful handler for json .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   json

test:  return the specified services cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  decorator: visit field_type .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  push   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new dense tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  name for sorting .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates and save the owner to a specified file .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  handle singleaddress .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   square
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the elemwise input along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  set attributes for all validation entries .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  flag   css
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to get a new database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the model completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  takes a string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   a

test:  update the session_file for the given state .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   xml
truth:  update   state

test:  return the last location of the password or none .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the reference to the db for each module .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  runs a python modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the contents of a alternatives .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  return   render
truth:  builds   null

test:  produce a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  null   terms
truth:  add   add

test:  this function combined the process uses this function rounding the process into cross-platform globals model .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  set the buffer in true}elif .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find the node with the minimum node v .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  the pagination of calling requests .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  default   null
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a precision to precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  round   a

test:  create cached class .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  create   print
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  assume each string in the series/index by given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  compare   boolean
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a file in unordered way .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   a

test:  install the given revision with negative requirements .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  return the number of log-values that are retained a dependencygrammar .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the directory containing the directories for the colorized .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that will run a blob to test list_identities .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  used   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task to the payload queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the gcd of data .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  r^2   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from a filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  setup subunit output with '? .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  setup   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  get an element from the pixel list table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a python object .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an aff4 rate limit for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  find the given glob pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  find   glob
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check for a message and make sure the response are valid .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  check   read
truth:  validate   validate

test:  assign information to the default resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  reset to a single bundle function .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  to   calling
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test filtering of invalid values .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   slug
truth:  test   date

test:  create and return a given response object in the database and return a new location .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a dict of the params for a particular set of os values .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  given   print
truth:  sign   sign

test:  initialize mozilla* .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  initialize   send
truth:  to   null

test:  converts a vfs xml to a string .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  converts   backend
truth:  translate   translate

test:  see url .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  value   value
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   parse
truth:  scan   a

test:  when a url part of the endpoint should not like a dict/multidict .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  correlation   feature
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  logarithmic   quality
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key and a course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list all of the execution scheduler in list .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  create   a

test:  registers and returns the getfacl/setfacl module .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  grab   datetime
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  group test cases .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  called   metadata
truth:  bench   bench

test:  this function reads an user from the user and ensures it is unknown .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  internal helper function used to flag a module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  count the number of count for a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   bit
truth:  calculates   null

test:  set up a knuths facts which disabling the offset value .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  set   prints
truth:  get   current

test:  just like the numpy matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  returns   secant
truth:  return   return

test:  show the cached page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   block
truth:  return   info

test:  does bad string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  does   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns a queue object .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a list of password hash of salt minion hash with salt specified by salt .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   permutations
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a python datetime to the number of microseconds since the corresponding python object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   days
truth:  convert   a

test:  return url and list of oauth auth .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  url   wrapper
truth:  register   register

test:  return binary information from binary text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   function

test:  a helper function of the short-time check of a given sum of the short-time form .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a subset of a jinja2 object from a string or a .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses contained in the address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get major/minor characters in a system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  perform an outer-product on a specific tensor .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  apply   shorthand
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the given token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   calls
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  run usage usage .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  run   options
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   file
truth:  file   file

test:  helper for mocked bem surface file subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  url   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  compress the entire user path .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  compress   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns true if the requested domains returns a dictionary of information about the domain_name domain_name string domains name to check whether domains should use for namecheap domains name cli example:
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert an object to a partial type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a simple hash of all subclasses of the given classes .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  ensure that preferred_language_codes .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json issue as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute shortest centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   program
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set context of django context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  error   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  return the biopythons clause function f .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the command file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   limit
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally -> string return a copy of hexadecimal string s with hexadecimal and the corresponding string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   set
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string representation of the given length .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  build a error message without any error .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  error   increment
truth:  if   null

test:  stop everything .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   compare
truth:  stops   current

test:  return a tuple for the given id .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature is missing .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  if   testing
truth:  null   syntax

test:  returns header dict or files .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  order   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code language in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  compute 257 redemption response for the given bin .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  enable   custom
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this test case takes a nested layer of the main layer of the same name as arguments .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  null   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert a context manager to a tuple of strings .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  format an exception on all the exception matched by the provided limit .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  register a release to be globally globally tests .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  register   checks
truth:  upload   upload

test:  user an login site page .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create the detailed command used by locking/unlocking the last init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the computer matches pending computer .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   a

test:  return the first language code .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the tail argument list is not lost .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a valid valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the given bucket for the current bucket bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse a new datetime .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  given   a

test:  validate commands configuration in curve .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   filters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compare the pytree string types and return a pytree .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  remove any markup that arent serialized by the module .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose an image .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  rename   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the value of the slc header and return as list of numbers .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   download
truth:  read   read

test:  we save the save thread and dump the build .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on the cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  do the given permutation .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  do   function
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary of one of the many groups to one of the dictionary .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  list   information
truth:  return   a

test:  prepend the channel newpath .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  pair   get
truth:  prepend   null

test:  similar to djangos registration .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  extends the given field with a ccx of the given course .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  restore   references

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of interactive script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if variable is a shared .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   elements
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks if sgemv is installed .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  source   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current tuple of s .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore executing logging method .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  specify   configure
truth:  use   use

test:  the occurances of a particular type .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   value
truth:  name   name

test:  takes a source file and returns a footer .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot when screenshot is missing .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  support get_local_size() .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  open a string for simplepush markers .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  select   null

test:  attempt to determine the most facebook graph token and saves the passed failure graph to authorize or marketplace .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  to   set
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  args: #3025 : instance to not produce a 3d column .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   running
truth:  github   github

test:  returns the python string representing the specified h .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  copy files to a file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  copy   lines
truth:  null   entry

test:  send a remote environment .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  send   seed
truth:  error   error

test:  returns pty view .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  take a slice into a list of dictionaries .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  take   function
truth:  null   null

test:  the module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  module   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extends socket .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  socket   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a string from the first kind of the given python 3 .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm lsm sequence from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   long
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix log submission but every username on username or a log log .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scans   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from java' file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test un-called high section for mutiple documents .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   change
truth:  set   set

test:  remove api or ha with api uploads .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list of the application state from a passed deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  set click and changes .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  set   variance
truth:  select   null

test:  set users proposed and password .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  grant   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a multiple collections of the message .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  pull a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  string   string

test:  attempt to cache the cache directory .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  search   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  imports and returns a list of translation functions .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  exponential function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  function   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk block of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  return a function that turns a single name in the given module .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return true if the passed in array is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this function is used to mark a timer function as a timer for the decorated function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for rising .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component to the network .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  process the mathjax script info from a string .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  password   model
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  given a link to any ec2 link .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  link   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generate an iterator over a set of iterables .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  null   generator

test:  print a event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that adds current buffer to a with statement temporarily .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   code
truth:  used   null

test:  change the default user and set the permissions for the current user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   butterworth
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts size-string to a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  is   decodes
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the channel .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the given index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  encoding -> x a string containing the number of number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding - alphabet: the alphabet to the alphabet - alphabet: .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  change   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the environment for a given plot .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a reference to the course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a queryset or all users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  expands   users
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get and sort for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   a

test:  return the date for a visual signed workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the running services as string .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  in order to get the given path under pytz way .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  provide a string to a particular parse dict .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  define   iterator
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns an absolute path for the aws s3 .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return minimal derivative of a given list of nodes .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test service_schema from various |re| algorithms .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   hash
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  find an boilerplate log message .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  call   need
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a lexer from: module for all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the arguments and return the first line of the given args .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  receives disk ip address resolves .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  translate   rest

test:  delete an s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  get question name from a specified prompt .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  question   authentication
truth:  ask   user

test:  checks whether number of text is one of the given text .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string representation to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the given timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  the restful crud v .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  remove a list of dicts from a map of memcache .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets true if expr has a new value of the sympy .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test the gpu operations that the same input is properly compiled by theano rotated by theano were added in the normalized .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  socket   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the httperror utility function should be set .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a random subset of the caffe window .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  combine general and generate one statements at a given statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  combine   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  copy info about a container or a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  copy   runs
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method args .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the number of gce .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  register event events in calendar via celery settings .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  null   event
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  add   a

test:  save and save the xmodule options .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   state

test:  returns a tuple representation of the int in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  returns   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  generate a job after testing off .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of normally on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produces a page for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   need
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest changeset record for the received changeset to the database .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a unicode string from collectd .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   attempts
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run the last command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  load a string from a string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that except just a value in the qtable table and sets the info table for the datatable table .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   table
truth:  existing   replace

test:  check if start data is a new dict given start range given start date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse a series of openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  extract   parse
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes named match only params .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  lettuce   scenario
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts expr in the representation of a string representation to a sympy representation .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  converts   send
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string for the flocker of flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for the function calls url -> l{twisted .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  this test case when a valid test already logged in successfully .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a packet .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc such that the application for the given rpc .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the group index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  click   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return the directory where paths are stored .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for adding/editing on resource log .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the most recent coincidence filter .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  null   helper

test:  execute a command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  execute   length
truth:  command   command

test:  request a new keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  place   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  turns a polynomial lim into a png .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the provided string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   x
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the mysql execution module has a mysql that has already been set by the dummy function .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrap the function so that it gets enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  sorts an order set by print_hide .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  order   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all the nodes removes consistencies from consistencies .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  remove   nodes
truth:  given   a

test:  a multiplication version of the two sparse matrix .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function signature .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or more items from a queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  pop   one

test:  decorates a sparse variable to a file .
truth: input data . 
test:  decorates   language
truth:  input   data

test:  run arguments in segment_info mode .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  setup   args
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the current gpg sdk .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the implementation of a function returns a single arguments such that the arguments such a single alternative .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   key
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check if the migration file has been modified and should also be loaded .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  function   list
truth:  format   a

test:  a view that is requested with some response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  provides a channel object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  given   null

test:  potential a given system and/or energy of body .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  duplicate   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  recursively copies an object from dictionary .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the value for the given image .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a job lock and run runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   implementation
truth:  grab   null

test:  parse a list of items from the database .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark back to something calls .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  disable   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a named pairs using the specified name .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  get   values

test:  return a list of a given class types .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  sorted   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  inject the location into the main theme left .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  default   default

test:  optional database query .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  unset   drop
truth:  if   null

test:  list vms within a vm .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   service
truth:  start   start

test:  validate that we can authenticate for the response nonce .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  return the list of errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a temporary file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a value of the system needs to be used in the system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   reboot
truth:  if   null

test:  sets data in clipboard / add data .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  list the element to use .
truth: check slug . 
test:  list   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  return any best note an :class: .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  recursive   return
truth:  search   search

test:  project project names .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  project   return
truth:  project   project

test:  compute compute sqlalchemy migration for given window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge data into a frame of option instances .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fix the parent of fks for the fks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the modified date for a given date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  a version of dir() to make it format correctly return none if the object has the leading one of the classes are not available .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a user from the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  teardown   remove
truth:  null   rest

test:  python version of print() that creates a increasing low .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  using   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a version of users using a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the movie player module .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   set

test:  shows a list of events page events and associate it to the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  have   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  returns the nth condition of the probability of an expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the statement[ from the value string with boundary .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   value
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the given data .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return a list of installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string into a list of numbers .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  temporarily check for all rescoring test methods .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  handling handling & issue #1256 class when its time .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  mixed   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract compatible version information from various threads for calling a teardown .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   locattr
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a vector3 .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to return true if the unary type is a binary type .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the skeleton corner response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   order
truth:  compute   harris

test:  construct a dictionary to list of stored tuples .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  display the html flags for a particular response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  display   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop option .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a list of package for the package name from the list of modules that has one .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - python covariance should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  null   url
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document to a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks if a given server is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a inserted alias for the one statement .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing url to a requirements url po file po file as follows: .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send the always send it .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  email   unit
truth:  copied   null

test:  the command list .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a ucsc on a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   open
truth:  read   a

test:  takes a list of windows parts of list in list examples .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   markup
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  obtain   shows
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks a nucleotide instance based on the name passed to the library .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   interface
truth:  specify   a

test:  the most recent dateoffset } .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  add   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  entry point for the course specified by course and usage: .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  tell   up
truth:  set   set

test:  simulates a single topic forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return path to standard python interpreter .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  get   get

test:  open a :class: .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   db
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a new aggregate with a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a list of imp for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  given   null

test:  removes redundant /s from url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  removes   host
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' adds the trend report for 'goals' requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary put the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  null   null

test:  used for enter models in python 2 .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  confirm   decorator
truth:  modified   version

test:  set the configuration value of the argparse value .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  set   set
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  returns the status expression from the given status expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  boolean   pairs
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode objects passed to s3 .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that a string thats an polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  null   protocol
truth:  check   check

test:  p-value should not inherits .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  this is a sequence and len if the obj is a sequence of the sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : lbrace comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate and push the html for a course containing a given profile and csv the html generated problem to an s3 problem for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  upload   uploads
truth:  compute   student

test:  leaves for the maximum of zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  matcher   convert
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  signature that are are very nice: .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  seconds   return
truth:  function   function

test:  given plot and/or point number of scalars where the cluster is composition .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  make a :class: and numa requests from a list of cell .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  detect   cell
truth:  fit   fit

test:  load a sequence of theano classmethod for the theano module .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   test

test:  it should raise configurationerror if we dont know .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  running   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  make to integer of of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  make   return
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  runs checker mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  runs   shorthand
truth:  validate   a

test:  accept the html header of a request language list of http language code and remove the current request headers .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a and b for a .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper function to create a url to cross-platform api part .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  check the correct flow for the given creator .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   try

test:  extend the last created attribute of this tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify an weights and classify its weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  register   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  energy of the weblate_* functions of the positive number .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disemvowels all of the attributes from the current table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  null   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  find all missing files found on the system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  find   list
truth:  list   list

test:  finds new user with apps in collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  numerically summaries for _get_conn .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  convert an protobuf protobuf into a protobuf object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for software extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  remove   runs
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  accepts the version tuple as a string .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  accepts   part
truth:  command   command

test:  checks whether it has no arguments .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  elide the statusbar is lost in a widget .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  expose the default configuration options for the attributes that are defined .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  default   urls
truth:  default   default

test:  get the current option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  null   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  using init .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  using   test
truth:  files   files

test:  render route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  report   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the current logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   standard
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a list of tuples into the current click click from those which the known name .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return process_memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  do a function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sampling sampling function calls a given model under theano mydict: the current time .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  sampling   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute univariate polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  compute   password
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  stretch   pattern
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return a string containing the current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  aux function .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  generate edges bands based on nodes of graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  generate   use
truth:  perform   a

test:  vowel two strings .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  short   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a csv file return a coming that contains some indices .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   show
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  connect that a complete version of the app or the request was installed in the app table .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default get matched as the input get the default get back reference .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  an instance of resource type .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  transform a string into a sympy expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  transform   print
truth:  split   expression

test:  if an email address is not already exist after the request was not already exist .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  process   null
truth:  password   password

test:  wait for or the given action on 180 has a given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  if   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for product in the product is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  if the cache has been enabled .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  assume   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of the salt modules .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionary of json tool into a json object .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the given tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the file path is installed .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  remove serial files in build order that were created .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the list of acl acl acl and acl all the given acl .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  provide   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all known resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create user description for being created .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the inverse of a libcloud libcloud function .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   =
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: env-script build notifications for the job requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin version >=1 plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the surface between surface and a surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   surface

test:  the request entry point for the application .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   application
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  uninstall uninstall examples .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  uninstall   whitespace
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update a mailchimp tag on the given tag .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if a file type is return true if the image has the type type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  return an episode to locale and return data .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  return   group
truth:  null   null

test:  return the namedtuple of the enabled channel .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method for the egate payment messages .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  gets   null

test:  builds a configuration backend using embedded backend .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the row of a table .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  for the pprint function .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  return a value corresponding to errors that event: length .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  return   wrap
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  checks if node is a block of u'periodical' .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a list of -items .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  turns   counts
truth:  files   files

test:  get the templates directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test on a collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the given uri given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of nodes in component of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   context
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns a list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults with a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a dict into a dict of strings .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  define the output: function inside the target input .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  calculate all the migration of the given julian type .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  calculate   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  register a logger for logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  setup   logger
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create custom email using email .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  loads   permissions
truth:  add   add

test:  return the currently active interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return x by an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   mean
truth:  return   x

test:  returns a decorator that instantiates the same execution as the current sgroup class .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete turan connectivity for the given directed graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   in
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  this calling the location of the location credentials for swift uris .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  mark   location
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a member to the specified pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   standard
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers are logs .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the named link is in the list of salt://_queues .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to integrate the next description of a list of all the dataset .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  to   escape
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  output of unicode output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  name   formats
truth:  null   pprint

test:  class decorator for given interval .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified serie .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sleep events order for regenerate events .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  trigger   indices
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a named vm is in the named vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  starts   null

test:  make the primary vdi instance .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  if   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  test the ssh error message along the given operation .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   error
truth:  to   method

test:  trims an html string to the alphabetical html attributes .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  save   function
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  display and return two client .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set cached connection objects which will be used .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  delete   session
truth:  set   gl

test:  assign rating on instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  requeues   update
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if a unit points exist in a unit angle should be able to the default position of a unit clauses .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   scenario
truth:  check   check

test:  call cookiecutter() and bounding functions in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   test
truth:  call   call

test:  find the file if possible .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  find   path
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the maintenance .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a list of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  group a group message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator which asserts a test if the decorated function is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  reboot   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the chapters from the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert raw iosync analog input value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fake our proc execution .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory containing this directory .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  determine if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the first error message from jinja error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a sequence of running on env .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  perform   environment
truth:  if   check

test:  return accept a single variable sequence when the routes ori .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  convert   convert

test:  collect a string from a list of nodes .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  collect   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  save or disable the process in the given process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  restores   usage
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the number of seconds from the days minutes .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  remove link .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save image to disk with the specified filename .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test that using purging user settings .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of tuple for each cache id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generates an asset key for a thumbnail .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  formats de to change in dictionary that creates titles .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  change   fs
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check release the latest tags from git repository and return the latest tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  release   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the plugin process from an existing application on the tests/ engine .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  lookup a shell into reverse if name is not available .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find position and search for pybasedir .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad container with default size .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  construct a decorator that turns multiple arguments from django .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  construct   decorator
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert base font coordinates to string .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   cartesian
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  build a new request value .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  build   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a sorted list of user groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run all of the supplied module .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  runs   training
truth:  shared   null

test:  convert image type to 'ami' letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the data from the file as a tuple of data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the first scope of the given scope .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  search   search

test:  convenience function to abort and class for any action that require a certain task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   py
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property property to an existing class:: .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return ports from all process .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  url   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of flags for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator yielding a sequence of chunkyreader .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  fetches a single global context variable name from the global sensor context .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create eeg eeg filter parameters .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   eeg
truth:  create   create

test:  create a hostname from all rotation matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  create   social
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return image strings .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  sets epsilon size of size 1 .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  given   a

test:  use raw django api of python objects into the requested content-type .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  use   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the list of filters for a given table .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  include   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of app for the given url .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  do a legacy transform .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  do   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get specified paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   keypair
truth:  delete   delete

test:  decode an entity string to the default bytes of the given size and datetimes .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a python element .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  given   real
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a pcs property of a cluster item cibfile name/path of the property extra_args additional options for the live command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  determine the email address for the email address that was previously email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create allowed and allowed method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the directory containing the given path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   size
truth:  return   return

test:  get the aws account for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   information
truth:  account   account

test:  provide a network table for an existing host .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pillar and password .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to read a url for word2vec .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return the value of an library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  return   control
truth:  to   null

test:  it should install if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  arg off a file path for internal python module .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the dayelse contributor counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   new
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return dictionaries of language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  print the sensible callback for an application .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   update
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if the signal is a valid unified representation .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  filtered   null

test:  converts the octal file at name to a octal name .
truth: using os . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   null
truth:  support   support

test:  if this is a valid intent or unhandled .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wrapper around cls .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  null   ipv6
truth:  return   a

test:  add a cookie to the current session .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  add   cookie
truth:  sets   a

test:  unpack the python 'i' .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the packets queryset from a sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert the json representation of a json file .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   method

test:  perform no usable in a no-op .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  output   keyword
truth:  null   keyword

test:  return a list of module arrays to install individual references for the console .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   find
truth:  list   list

test:  bulk create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  destroy   a

test:  compare two numbers of slices to tuples .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  given   indexing
truth:  array   array

test:  add the url to the correct locale for the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return only the packaging of the smtp command line and throw the same file .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  a list comprehension .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  apply   download
truth:  build   build

test:  generate a list of file paths to use in dtypes .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the user has allowed to be used in the course of the given course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the argument specified by filepath .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  return   check
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return last changeset changelog for the received repository on the database .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the xml handler for the given content .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all tags for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a boolean telling representing the given cache number of seconds .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all seqs elements of seq1 .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a python tag given a tag .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along this database .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file offset .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge dask array by a groups: descriptor from a new way to the top token .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  disassociate   shortcut
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  microsoft distribution for a dataset of points from a given keychain or iterator .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  a function to sensor message to given string .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  add   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string string aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child revision .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two files under the given report have been modified .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a network v1 .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the entire endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  null   query
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  check if given args is valid .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  check   a
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api service returns created true} if the specified api was created and returns {created: false} if the api was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  console pending message metadata .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  internal helper function to return a transport model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   payload
truth:  handles   handles

test:  retrieve message from the message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the file is available for the passed file-like object .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  to   checks

test:  call migrations in columns .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  determine   task
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds and returns first elementreturn if a sequence is found .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  renders the query counter in a given technique and return the list of includes one .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  query   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: an absolute absolute pathname .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  return the overriding usage for receiving the given course via a course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  see dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  appends   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  configure the tornado ioloop to install the tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  installs   newlines
truth:  set   set

test:  func decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  func   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  close   move
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  backup file with argument list args and kwargs from a command line .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  return true if g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a sequence of bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install or upgrade packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   one
truth:  install   python

test:  select an instance from provider lengths .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of models for related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the deprecated task key as a exit task key .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test the full inputs of image filter that the same way as dataverse_add_user_account .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a json object .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the day between 0 and strftime .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   python
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return data data based on the first image of the data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a rule into a kind of time .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the given registry name the difference between the given process name the arcs to delete the certificate key type that matches the arcs or disabled? asserting for the given
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  ensure   a

test:  replace new version of published that has the given blob-like location for numpy .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for attendance purposes / add consistency to other .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  checks whether a user is in the cache file with the given auth .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  to   check

test:  update the available package mode .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate the rst for this video .
truth: return query string . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  decodes   dict
truth:  parse   a

test:  takes the version string and parse the corresponding options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   argv

test:  calls gce requests to the operation on operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   decorator
truth:  fires   a

test:  display information about the index in the specified course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  display   -
truth:  prints   prints

test:  performs binary search to output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  performs   patch
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of some of the steps are longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache method from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] of f from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   service
truth:  turns   null

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   data
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clears the given zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the organization .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   case

test:  add source reporting .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  add   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and monitor a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a toim image into a tp that will be posted for both we want to look up .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  concatenate   =
truth:  null   null

test:  set the line number of nodes that has a value in the passed line number .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for requests to handle an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to yield a file to a with 2 .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  file   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute the microseconds connectivity between a non-negative integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  extract all tests under python 2 .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  factory function for native string representation of a valid key .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   confirmation
truth:  default   default

test:  returns diff between vectors that are not ax=b + angle .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to convert from markdown-extra string to an specified string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  to   output
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if the string is an object .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  left   users
truth:  list   list

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get credentials of admin credentials from yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  using   null
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete the user access .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  accepts   delete
truth:  destroys   null

test:  return matrix to direction for matrix by direction in the matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  parse the region/endpoint photo and return the removal id .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  reads   information
truth:  get   photo

test:  create a test descriptor for a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email and site notification out that displays the given email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  null   similarity

test:  return a return a return a return a url with a string or entry .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  return   url
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if value is non-empty and name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  translates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an email for given document .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  extracts   email
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if the given varint predicate in topological location is found .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a list of variant units for training calls .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a wildcards] split from exponents into pairs of voltage strings .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  return response value plus an integerfield .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns normal normal distribution parameters x : array dummies[2k] : normal in sequence .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if the given element name is not end .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the object is cuda and if it doesnt come from the cuda .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  turn a tracks on a flat distribution .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  plotting   show
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node information about the form of a node cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   privileges
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash on the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   update
truth:  existing   null

test:  this file descriptors the function to return a list of strings to be cffi .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should have some values directly .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  when script starts with http environment .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  dataframe   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an delete response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  remove   data
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy model for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks up the up on the up module value .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  find   find

test:  create an instance and set it to new instance states .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  create   hosts
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend based on them .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   default
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if host is allowed to the given pattern .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  host   return
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture that doesnt exist for requests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  create   create

test:  for the site attachments attachments .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  sends   query
truth:  calls   a

test:  traverse a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  traverse   decorator
truth:  null   version

test:  replace many node in add-on .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replace   new
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random s3 queries with the noisy data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a new cert to the cloexec key_path .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  instantiate   blocks
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  checkout/payment all the main application .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  display   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the iterables by consumers of a column .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  modify   image
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  instantiate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unlock a file with the banned for this file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  unlock   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return only the currently active calendar codes .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) between two function names and load class .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  map an image to a file .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  preprocesses   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pad a list of arguments .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   returns
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sort the given time .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   update
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find shape of a given points in a model .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  finds the attributes of an action by their table .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  lookup   decorate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a set of listed in the args of a set of player .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   custom
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data from a wav file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a asserting asserting type .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   minimum
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert sort implementation of url .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  test   test

test:  element-wise categorical between two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a invalid partition are invalid when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic mean to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  mean   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  this is an application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns form info about our site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  these to a callback from a set of colors .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  to   coefficient
truth:  null   product

test:  convert an integer to base representation .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get torrent file system .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a dictionary of active table names and returns a information for the current table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of pages as items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced by old replaced by old replaced with all occurrences of substring
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the arguments and match the arguments .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  this function creates a dataframe for the request .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  carves up a media range and returns a tuple of all the where params is a dictionary of all the where params type is a dictionary of all the parameters
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  enable cuda characters within this context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  copy source object from search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copy   indexing
truth:  index   index

test:  return true if version is a .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the kernel for the given device or blobinfo if its not .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  mount   waits
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  integrate basic auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  callback   parse
truth:  set   set

test:  merge the return value for single list of recipients and merge them into a list of dictionaries .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a sysctl sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the vlm_media attachment or human-readable arguments are handled by the deprecated location .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  associate   entry
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a list of module names for the package tests .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  test decorator that skips a test case .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return dict of the mime or source ids .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   commands
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  return the signal name of the given signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  is x a scalar numeric function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  is   layer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line and their options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  adds   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add a new ssh key to the given ssh key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  allows compilable permission to the relative file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this view shows the html to the page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  list   view
truth:  show   show

test:  like python files .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert seconds to the maxheap class with maxheap in seconds .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  return   a

test:  tries to run a file via attribute .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a directory to be used for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the all iso input type info - format for a format name .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create some port returns an port returns a choose number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a django currency for the given locale .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure the named container is absent name the name of the state to remove signal the running signal to delete all the state that should be absent examples: .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   information
truth:  ensures   null

test:  makes sure the input data is valid .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads a file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  retrieve user verification or logout that a user is parsed .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  authenticate   authentication
truth:  view   view

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as an eval context .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  move   return
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  retrieve the certificate to the certificate and see if it was in sux valid account file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  execute   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   user
truth:  prints   prints

test:  enhanced arguments for the maximum of fit to use with components .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a subclass of existing instance type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extracts or returns a graph containing the beginning of a op .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   unpack
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the area required by the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   return
truth:  find   a

test:  log out the input file from a dict of keyword arguments .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  prints   images
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of versions to send the specified version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run only on a test .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   collections
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  compares version >= if op is installed .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  compares   check
truth:  check   version

test:  this makes sense to proper versioned dtype .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of all one or more than the specified data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute f**n in k[x] using a whole transform .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   f
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  find and attach a list of absolute files .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x methods of an class should work .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  null   support
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator for adding a function action to a different action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the package name as a package .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  get   apps
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog object that can be used to compute the catalog dict .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the port has been run .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  if   db
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  simple cluster robust covariance matrix for the gpu? search parameters groups : array or array_like .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   statsmodels
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  the user is requested by email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  to   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  colorize debug environment to a file .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  debug   execution
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return url to the user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  url   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this generator finds the parent and returns the parent chain for the given parent with a reference chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a set of properties .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  updates a push channels to updates an email .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  build information to build a working directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  content   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  return a dict for the given request .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get the base ip addresses for an correlation .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  try to convert a search document to a requestcontext .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determines if a file name is a resource .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return an arguments matching the specified address .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  return   formatted
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a is b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in subresultants mode .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns a list of all cumulative elements of the first element as a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a finder session by name .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the names of all the roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to retrieve the user if a group exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  joins   example
truth:  null   example

test:  accepts a string and returns a separate value .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  show   show

test:  enable the python data to immediately .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   helper
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of terms of all the terms .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  instantiate   working
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the list of the script path .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add information to the notebook cell in the notebook cell .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   albuminfo
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs deseq2vs normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  argument is a prototype function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the version of the selected release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  set   a
truth:  specified   tag

test:  generate bytes for .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the paste views on the database .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor univariate polynomials over irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  trivial   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  fetch indexes and access xml .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the array of all empty arrays found in any duplicate that are returned from an array of sympy/numpy/scipy .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that mixin info also asserts that mixin the provided table attributes .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  to   groups
truth:  test   test

test:  validates that a string is not one containing a valid format and has not false .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  validates   test
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to execute a method .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  return a formatted string representing the specified ones .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple wrapper around the rabbitmqctl but seems to be a dictionary of the dictionary .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event view .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  rebuild -> xml bytes .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  do   multiple
truth:  takes   args

test:  we need every logging request flags .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  use   list
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   meta

test:  change a canonical list of parameter holding a dictionary of parameters .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  confirm   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the username based on os code .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  running   queue
truth:  function   function

test:  resume the given users after each session .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   increment
truth:  resume   resume

test:  take the given dict of a list of dns units .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  take   parser
truth:  string   string

test:  create a const matrix for the wire .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  look   find
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to define a method .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  yield version of .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  yield   test
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the restful handler for the xhtml .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns a valid column hash string and format like it .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   indent
truth:  normalize   a

test:  helper for the command and raise skiptest if matplotlib .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the points onto the first column side .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  module   test
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available in post .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   check
truth:  list   list

test:  generate the first word of the given list of all the first kind .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  flush   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  resets a dirty flag for changes to the current thread code .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function by applying one .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  make a string packed .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  calls   sets
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  base64 decodes value from base64 format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  format a key as a rest format .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an pid of a script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  function   read
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of network config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   list
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a 'vgdisplay%s' device is available .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  assume   a
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the users count of the review issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  assign   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  random random random bit random number of svd given random bit random bit random number of random number of random bit bit random number of random number of bit random
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  takes an object containing a queryset .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  null   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the relabel tree of nodes with nodes to a directed graph that is the given bfs node and/or all nodes of the nodes of the nodes of the nodes
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  list all the security arguments to the options .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  load   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that agreement information can be found .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  for a directory .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  null   use
truth:  run   run

test:  get the path representation of a path .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a path or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  a context manager to allow stderr to be replaced .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all certificates .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  a optionally create an expression; that is .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  command   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a url which can be used to create a quotes from an in-process response .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  creates   a

test:  build an instance with null consoles with null settings .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  build   list
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of epochs function .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cgsnapshot snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the language section of the given path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses a timestamp from a line into user content .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   network
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  commit   quota
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of instructor tasks as running in a course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the input data so that each column is indicative and standard num .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper for the patch method of *mu* .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   check
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich measures for the given node .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this queue is pushed if there is a specific input input .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return equation function from the translators surface .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  return   average
truth:  get   get

test:  opens a test object from a file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  when the dqstring is applied .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  traverses topic tree to return a dictionary containing all exercises ids .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  creates   redirects
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs pickle from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  runs   serialize
truth:  null   in

test:  python 3 function that before an xml feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a dict from a list of tuples .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until the printed resource has succeeded to finish .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional length of a point to a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   polygon
truth:  get   get

test:  actually disable asset info of the specified asset .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dictionary into a list of dictionaries .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   list
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a tuple to pass each statespec result to a statespec statespec .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate optional lhs against a string through a list of lhs separated rings .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   configure
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  set statements on signal handlers and usually them -- list of statements corresponding to the given signal handlers on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  remote   datetime
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   a

test:  converts test string or a null string should result .
truth: if a . 
test:  converts   print
truth:  if   a

test:  validates value for a float value validation function .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  value   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  tell the value of the configuration microversion and format .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  tell   log
truth:  log   a

test:  when attempts to save cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   set
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the pa of the distances in use .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  looks up a resource by context .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url - this only if the limited method .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  get any deferred so that the dev_appserver get thrown that the reports object is the response object .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   a

test:  recursively copy all the files in a python app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  copy   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the given literal string .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  traverse   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  just test errors whose names are executed .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  null   end
truth:  end   end

test:  test that dtype_info_name .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   fixture
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  load one or more keys off of the specified host .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  server   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return true if path does not exist .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a container on folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   path
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version from __version__ in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  it should be an object for a file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable file cli example: .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a datetime object to the given time as defined by the command line size .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  render   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted objects into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   alias
truth:  list   list

test:  add x intersections for the loop to the x such that may include it is of the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   step
truth:  add   add

test:  return array of array after trimming distribution from the passed array distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  confirm   mean
truth:  slices   slices

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as an adapter that can be used for manifest passing .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for setting user objects .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns default url .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   null
truth:  request   request

test:  error handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  error   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  returns the available implicit url .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  parses a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return the paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  return   exit
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a file and dst using src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns formatted blacklisted blacklisted from encoding each encoding .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  to   try

test:  given an info filename .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  given   information
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  module   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   registration
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parse and convert a string of datetime entry to a datetime entry .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  an existing unicode .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   method

test:  open a file at a url .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  transform a automated to a given httpresponse .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wait for the code but all arguments .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a parameter string of the given parameter and 1 .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test whether a string can be cast as a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 matrix from m1 .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the oauth2 token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  parse   url
truth:  perform   null

test:  used by a group of time .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve information about a user cli example: .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  time   a
truth:  add   a

test:  sets the new disk and return the new disk position .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  this function takes a breadcrumb that appear and converts the block of it to a sequence of using a originating that worked .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  function   format
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  takes a list of its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all plugins and a specific plugin name .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the test configuration .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all keys from a repository on the designated tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  register a clsid that wraps a clsid this function allows us to be globally on a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory that the parent of the given path is a resource within orange .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the bound of a line of indentation args: easy : string line of spaces before the last line display .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a utf-8 encoded string to unicode .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   in

test:  create a timeout that features the given timeout for the specified timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  make   a

test:  update the current hash for the given dict .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  create an simple simple simple jboss instance jboss_config jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path is a single element clip .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot chops selectors 683 .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the warnings file and fix the destination .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  returns an generated url from a given url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  convert an der-encoded key to a tpot sequence .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the a format key string from prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a django menu object from the models models .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast the condition type to a function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   fn
truth:  null   null

test:  load the given ksz file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  load   load
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calling the primary suffix of primary .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation of the object from a timedelta object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  pwnlib pwnlib usage .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  unicode   utf-8
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an stonith property of the file containing a cluster cibfile use cibfile instead of the live resource for creating the live command cibfile instead of the live cib for
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  cherrypy basic access to perform http basic auth in http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  request   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a show of files .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  creates   results
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create the task attributes for the given task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a file from a file .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  collect   tests
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that trailing table extent extent extent by col extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of services that are disabled but disabled cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send an event with a given event value .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  name   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  debug debug routine to make sure the debug is available in the python module .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  debug   check
truth:  get   get

test:  if user is access to a beta for the given course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  log deltas is longer used within a message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  fail   scenario
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output the given args and kwargs .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  output   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test that the right option is done .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  missing   collection
truth:  modify   methods

test:  takes an object by otu a list of otu .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  takes   edge
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension reallocation command section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   code
truth:  null   null

test:  a dataframe into csv file url .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  has   packages
truth:  load   a

test:  validate the parent uri project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  version whether an api version is a valid api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the named package is installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  this test case complements cpythons will use this module to import and the test suite .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  import   run
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room object .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series inversion expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   p
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were used when were used it should be used when were dealing directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name the limit to request network -- set on this port .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   suspend
truth:  request   power

test:  returns a list of index .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of available operation .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require the given tag name and returns a dictionary of the next tag names and the tag that it is returned .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  loads   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  load tornado errors from the test cases .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  gets the application id from the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple replacement for the white .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  need   null
truth:  token   token

test:  given a particular object with a given name or none then revert when finished to a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   null
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all command names .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if a particular sentence matches the beginning of the given list of dictionaries .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies that vfs using setup() .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current hub flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes from base32 to base32 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check if lists of lists have been set on the given course .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  show a version string .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  expect   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given the module lengths .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  returns the last user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  show   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return the language in the console .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached settings and put it into the key setting settings of the current destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  take   null

test:  detect terminal size and return tuple = .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  detect   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given an rgb string .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   function
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can find from an installed module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in linux .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   a

test:  tell the elementtree cluster if it is an instance of the magic provided .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  obtains   test
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of instance .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an existing axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  returns   accepts
truth:  if   null

test:  delete all flavor information from instances system_metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  attach a logger for the given object to the mercurial root module .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  grab   connect
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parses a output of output output and returns a list of accepted output vars with the real matrix .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   input
truth:  read   read

test:  find the module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from the models module .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  raises an integer and testsuite is not too long and testsuite is not too long .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set gaussian mean for gaussian random .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  set   mean
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   user
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  abort   request
truth:  updating   location

test:  ensure that all the containers in a container is present .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  ensure   get
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes json encoded token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  computes   shorthand
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a dict to a list of ascii objects .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  help string for all log require writer .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  scan   populate
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  set up user api user as a return an email for the specified api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  set   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  ensures that the defaults is not required .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape a url including any / .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and round trip through a format that has a format that does not set .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  show   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of bigip object with the given channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  do   null

test:  mock a sequence of tuples by zookeeper available in registered .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  mock   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  given an event on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns whether a notification type is being built by calling its notification type .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the pathname for temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns xml from the format including indentation from a string or iterable .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache update the cache update if the cache has been whitelisted .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  create   create

test:  load the anes96 data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the version of the post-order .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if shards is available .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  filter an editable hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for project as dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the mode .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of seconds in a string which are described in value of seconds .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   read
truth:  formats   a

test:  test whether the git-branch(1)_ hook is published in the requested e-mail .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  simulate   register
truth:  unregister   null

test:  get model field associated with the given name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  model   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return available flavor sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  returns plugin available on the system .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  plugin   plugin
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  a decorator to skip a test function to generate the test suite .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   function
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  fix   redirects
truth:  is   keyring

test:  custom is an amazon operators .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  is   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  compute the default .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set a widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the commit score for a transaction with a particular event given the subsection dictionary .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a help aliases .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   function
truth:  filters   filters

test:  returns a list of used by the given key .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given encoding and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  start a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  wait for a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  determines package revision to the device .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   version

test:  do not produce one of the last reprs character .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  do   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : step plus expr | empty power le expr | empty power expr | empty string | empty power expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 this is a no-op .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  slugify   search
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return any ground domain of f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  returns value of the github api calls it .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  value   stop
truth:  format   a

test:  parse a query .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  is   null

test:  function to normal distribution with a constant distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a breaktop range range(port_max ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if args is a list of f(x) or environment variables .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  this is an active view and applies the dummy view to use an object .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  import and return the message .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  create an unused 'xmlns' for the given node name passes an unused root directory of transaction_objects() .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  url   url

test:  makes the atomically value in the address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  hidden   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that input accepts input from xml or comma .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   copy
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain with //example .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   units
truth:  test   test

test:  if we have an or scalar .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  read and gzip an encoded string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  read   filter
truth:  function   function

test:  run the south task and make it easier .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  creates a new tool in the database using the selected tool function .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct interpolation id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  assert that a single mean here has binary folders at the right maximum silently here should raise an exception .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   loop
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove the users even to delete the file/directory even if the file/directory to delete for the file/directory
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method to get the national number for a given region number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to parse a tar image .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  to   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  return dictionary .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy a vm record as an instance of this vm .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   vbd
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick the selection fields corresponding to the channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   download
truth:  pick   pick

test:  return a list of available nonfunction .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  builds updated summary of the controller to the specified controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  based   traceback
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir file created by the host directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> typename get the amazon database for discount .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  null   method

test:  print a summary of the api .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   report
truth:  null   column

test:  return text containing the version of the source code .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  text   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run and ensure that any ssh .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  prints   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator that removes a function from a stack of functions .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager for locking an iterable of a qmutex .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   log
truth:  null   contexts

test:  returns a string representation of the source code .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  return   return

test:  divide list n elements from l .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   split
truth:  generates   null

test:  function which logs out a message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  runs   system
truth:  return   statistics

test:  try to ensure that the settings is installed .
truth: execute app . 
test:  to   null
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   list
truth:  pull   salt

test:  creates a python object for a class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove contacts from a users personal library .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetches the specified lyrics from the given url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  to   implementation
truth:  use   threads

test:  forces update group to the review group if not already there is no stop .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the expected segments are found .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given object is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  just like supported task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  return   os
truth:  -   -

test:  a simple generator that filters out of list items from a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  filter   iterable
truth:  count   count

test:  create an input data scalers for a given set of inputs .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the currently on or off :return: true if time time time is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   null
truth:  get   get

test:  load information about the master .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  load   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets contacts and https contacts .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  source   users
truth:  terminate   null

test:  fetches a firewall rule for a certain rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  calculate the signal-to-noise product of the passed in the input along the linear .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  takes   alias
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a new repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  determine whether a string is an http header path .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  get   get

test:  for :math:log(x that dont have a 2d tensor such that it uses the reference size .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   send
truth:  output   output

test:  check if we can show the modules in the context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  to   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  download and normalize a command line prints outp %} .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  download   patch
truth:  to   setup

test:  implement a package if path exists .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  implement   find
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenates 'eval' threads .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  model   function
truth:  constructs   a

test:  python decode-url operation .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   switch
truth:  handle   a

test:  use netmiko to execute an something channel .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  show   show

test:  return augeas plugin as a afe .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a volume to an existing server .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  grab   block
truth:  block   block

test:  updates an exploration with given contributions and have the updates of the given user .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  commits   a

test:  output utf8 events at the end of port .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new disk disk to a progress returns: disk .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  like fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes to individual graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   print
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse the content p and return a tuple of http date p and partition header .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parse   topics
truth:  sorted   get

test:  remove the given scripts .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get the string name from the given name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  get a compiler attributes .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mail user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prompt   users

test:  compute the size for the message descriptor .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  return current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  null   path
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  yield all possible expressions on each tuple .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series of their position in the order of their position in the order .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets to which the subnets belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make dataframe into the result of f and contexts .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a recursive sub-list swapping method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  only apply branching rule into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an object instance of a new column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a '%s@%s' template for a host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  audio an audio record which yields one or more given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  module   cuda
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code language prefixes .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  save configuration file management function .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision -> l-p likelihood is at a given log objective .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  makes a test suite for the geos switch module .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  shows the meeting .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  shows   group
truth:  send   send

test:  create a mock node .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a custom archive for the specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set the sandwich .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a method to figure out at least two possible form requests .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  code   function
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   up
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the current wiki date .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  perform   node
truth:  convert   entities

test:  name : name equals samples .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the specified resource .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator to wrap a function .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  determines the debug level .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  determines   tuple
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return 'l'for spec .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian a list of dictionaries .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  to   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  restores text as an integer id .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  gathers   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read from page as header and returns a python object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function that asserts that the user is valid .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  evaluate a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  calling   mean
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the cache for the current thread .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  normal before displaying a random prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive script cannot be run using interactive script .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  coerce a file or more entities that may be given a bootstrap for option .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  remove   git
truth:  am   am

test:  print the usage to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses a string and returns a list of option tags .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  this is usually because we generate a sequence of lists of a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the message was exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  run an instance of the given service and return an instance of cmd .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  run   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert the unix value in a string into a valm .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  draw or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  draw   call
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  download a file from the salt master for the ssh minion .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  download   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the list of best best best of any filtering .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   changes

test:  drop all connections .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  setup   decorator
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the group .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check that window contains some time .
truth: aux function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  function to sort an input variable via the standard deviation .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  function   array
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  save input for the command line .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  docstring   replacement
truth:  base   arguments

test:  have an index name .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  redirect   data
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  180 a webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  undeploy   return
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper function to do the status argument will use .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  ignore ignore components of empty file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  ignore   lines
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals from signals .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   attempt

test:  set the 'ini module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a page to the requested revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  download   null
truth:  if   null

test:  if crypto is not none .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  do   change
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a dummy variable .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   rms
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the generated directory of the given path is being 'doesnotexistorisnotadirectory' .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   path
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  form   threshold
truth:  find   corners

test:  return a boolean indicating whether an object is used like the python object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  attribute   name
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc container .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an event by id .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   salts
truth:  update   update

test:  make a generator that formats the generator download .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  make   export
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator for module methods .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing reallocation section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  routing   area

test:  reads a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  reads a backslash file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  reads   dictionary
truth:  null   method

test:  download a config file into a directory .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  index   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml file .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two dictionaries and a keychain hash where both them is unknown and a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the protected if the protected already closed the protected to sync the protected collector .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from receiver to an signals .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   handler
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create a dataframe with a dataframe parameters iterable : array-like the new index of possibly possibly labels : array-like labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   values
truth:  construct   null

test:  deprecated in a thread and renders the arguments .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor to a hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   disk
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  convert the string to use in python 2 .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  revision redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  prefix   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the list of tuples from !!omap index for table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is an absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   edge
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the arguments to the original rearrange .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add new user to the submissions user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   users
truth:  null   page

test:  return a list of the username and the usernames for a given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  return   groups
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  make sure text from database .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  when a module list of module modules and print the string to be considered as pytest .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return a base base uri which is from a file object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a decorator for the default group that asserts that these arguments for the given individual become the default .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add a network bandwidth pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  add   remote
truth:  run   run

test:  return a shuffled copy of a vector of 0 .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  builds a full url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  to   transaction
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print log message to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of colors in the order given by a breadth-first traversal .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the string representing the entire page .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a datastore resource .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   create
truth:  access   access

test:  we are always handles authentication .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  test if the object is a test .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the unix timestamp of a given number of seconds .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  perform   console
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects a security request object .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the absolute path to include modules found in any of the site .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  returns   fr
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the current instance of the singular strings .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  see   null

test:  filter to get/create the project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image into xenapi lights .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   load
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a string argument to a boolean value .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return the current linux linux file and the mounts modules .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   propagation

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  take a list of valid steps for each cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  take   fs
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the names of a bundle to the bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  read   a

test:  return a directory that contains called with tmpdir arguments .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read basic auth info .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   call
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods of bad .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  initializes os x .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  initializes   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  html markup is true if the memory is found .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  null   html
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize a manager that starts with a given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  initialize   import
truth:  set   up

test:  a safe metasploit characters as a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  attempt to select a grid node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  to   implementation
truth:  view   view

test:  list all the vms on this azure account .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns: all files in the current language .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  null   validator
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a map of the message xml file xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace y by .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  replace   utility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  returns a list containing the layer representation .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  remove all enabled kernel files from the given bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send 'arpandarp[ who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping if the collins are up on layer set to modify internal arp-cache .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  to   analyze
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the list of all the tree positions in the trees which match the trees which match the trees which match the trees which match the trees which match the
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the given text string .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a bug to parse the object of test parameters documented : the current object to all bug using the passed object to be passed to we also want to their
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure a specific configuration value is not present in the cron configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  provides   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve the key for the comment parameter .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   get

test:  the first iterator returns a copy of the string .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup python related installation .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset a clean clean state .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator that contains a generator change and a generator of tuples .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  change   contextmanager
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  process and then process the cifar-10 system .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  process   a
truth:  record   record

test:  test the test wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test test with countevent .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  output   calling
truth:  null   snippet

test:  load something from module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   something
truth:  import   a

test:  inject the buffered metadata .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  prepare   directory
truth:  callback   callback

test:  create the default tags for the given config file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  create   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts string to a native array .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return commit repo .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   files
truth:  if   null

test:  return the partial name to the file having the file with a file name .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  return   lock
truth:  object   object

test:  this function follows a embarrassingly into ctc rules .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  function   ctc
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  for a given keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  query   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  null   change
truth:  change   change

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if operation is not installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list blobs in a specified folder .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  list   information
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the active pattern that matches the changes .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   current

test:  returns disk swap disk space of linode driver .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like obj .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  like   attribute
truth:  null   in

test:  return a list of yaml applications for this yaml .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a l{deferred} specified by replacing and ensure this minion was only connect to a specified file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  installed   configure
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a response object .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   profile
truth:  create   response

test:  cast a scalar or a scalar tensor of dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until a list has common 1-in-n about a new condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  runs a specified host cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  runs   update
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  filter python code with working arguments .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  filter   decorator
truth:  assert   assert

test:  makes a class decorator that allows some result method classes to be used .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password using the given hash parameters .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a table and returns a list of network arp and their arp .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  takes   virtual
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the change permission to the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   up
truth:  if   check

test:  list installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update an image from a string or a list of data .
truth: write out data . 
test:  run   service
truth:  write   null

test:  this is a decorator that passes the same function as being used to specify arguments and calls another function under the default args .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  proper logged in .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  view   gaussian
truth:  null   groups

test:  take a model class and a sphere .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining this plugin allows you to execute the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse after each build .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   nagios
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string of key from a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : variable %prec expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   statement
truth:  expr   expr

test:  expects an iterable of function by the provided function .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  simulate   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  renames a list of resource identifiers to make the primitive in the expression service .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  this v necessary for updating inputs .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  is   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  takes a string of code[pos] strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  if   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a directory .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove or change object from a list of object .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  cleanup   add
truth:  call   call

test:  compute a gradient of evoked evoked evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   ssp
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  function to create a gradient by a outsocket by a matrix .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  to   show
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  produce the graph of nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  a helper function for the url to test if its not already there is a "the'url'blocktagisnotsupportedinthepython .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a wsgi openid request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all of the specified connection .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   data

test:  finds the match the given dtype and right axes .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  lookup   methods
truth:  find   find

test:  returns user initial[u'name'] request .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  default   default
truth:  fills   in

test:  return the string containing the open notification for the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean up resource_data of template properties .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  transform an image to a new image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list of pathnames .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of errors into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if a url is in the ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test basic font clause .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   use
truth:  loading   loading

test:  parse a template template to parse it into a specific format .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri for the given list of resource uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  raise an empty bug from numpy and the labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return y minus best fit at x and y .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  extracts the container info for the container .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  extracts   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that basic and newlines are present before the same as lower-endian .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  input   reading
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get art art associated with url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   art

test:  tests that calling both existing user and no existing project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return distance between certain locationglobal locationglobal sets .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a list of all type type type for all installed .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  export list of restricted to the granted to use as a new job to avoid search_service_pb .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  list   docstring
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a function and returns a handle to a vm .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  checks if the given user has allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a network device in the network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers in the system .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  reboot   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find the most capable encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  store the local output to a new year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  issue   get
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and build rooms from the two example z .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial values in a range .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   num
truth:  null   method

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return a string in the specified address .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  formats an alignment fault .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  transforms   function
truth:  create   a

test:  updates firewall .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  build the networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  existing   list

test:  add one nested nested source .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the given integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  saves metadata at the given file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  insert   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  return the string representation of the given index object that will be found in the given file object .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  prefix   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a dict of album plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  return   albuminfo
truth:  null   null

test:  list media instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of tuples for all the given host names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine the removal_version pids of os .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services services .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test batch of _thread of batch iterator .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  testing   pair
truth:  tests   wether

test:  group dataframe to the dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replaces   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  returns a list of units from the unit unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  returns   units
truth:  return   a

test:  if 405 is specified .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  if   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all locale directories for the locale .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the ret[setting] .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  does two have a vech matrix .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading and channel of source reading .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  reading   check
truth:  label   label

test:  return a string via related entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a mongodb server info from all versions .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the content of the service about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  safe_peekline -> utf-8 extends a text name and returns a tuple of name .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   stream
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return oreturn .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  single knowledge user response .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  render   html
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate an empty device object .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return ~astropy code to hold the specified format .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a list of the raw template directories .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  remove double and collapse / xml characters from a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  null   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get the minimum input at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  get   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  activate the event dialog .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  null   something
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  does a descriptive function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  check   entry
truth:  like   like

test:  return the line with bracket .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete last index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   session
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a number of bytes of provided locale .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  expects   null

test:  this function calls the specified 'calls' response .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper for sending message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  discard custom entities in a remote machine and its name .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   controller

test:  create a sample sample from the given sample and returns a sample sample string .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the base of a vector field computed wrt the base frame of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a load decorator to the steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  create and write the given llvm .
truth: open stream . 
test:  create   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of resource names for resource type test_class .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter the list of all errors from a unicode string .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  transform the row onto a list of multipart points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  transform   layout
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a list of the proposals neural network .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  display   return
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test to make sure no bytestring is instantiated .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   null
truth:  url   url

test:  trim the string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the most recent resides message this function is being run in the 2 database .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   up
truth:  run   a

test:  attach to a disk software node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  attempt to determine the current time of the file extension .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook for all threads started started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  check the last item contains an attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  check   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  change coordinate of json distribution cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this from an mime request to the given mime types .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  call overlap_slices with non-existing useful .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  raised   null
truth:  check   check

test:  load config parsed from json .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  config   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node from the given node list .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve the first item of a iterator by the iterator of the iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  to   array
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the data dict for the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively copy all lowercase in the dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  email   process
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex color and return a hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   hex
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  a decorator that prevents the restricted request from homepage .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convenience function to catalog algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  function   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a slightly heavy and sample labels .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert from preserved to integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  contents of check_output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  register   install
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available sensors] sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in the specified duration and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   model
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  if the pip is present .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  norm init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  copy all column names in a column .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  copy   dataframe
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that css given variables are the last choice of choices choices .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   compare
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  gets a generator that yields all the string .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   link
truth:  generate   generate

test:  f for comparing two labeled polynomials .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   append
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the case of the given number of elements .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability set to use for availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a more choose function which creates a pubkey as expected_volume out of a binary file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of the state for use with ip/cidr .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local configuration of the current quotas .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  update   connect
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  does a configure stub remote a url by app engine .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  registers   fixture
truth:  does   null

test:  a basic basic "{}mustbeoftype'{}'" inspired from database .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  prepare the repo from local readable format .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source tag from a source file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  take a text and return a list of text formatted string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of exercises that the user exercises all exercises will fail .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email when creator is posted to an given recipients .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of obj of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  unicode   python
truth:  return   return

test:  return a screen .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given text through words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  return a tuple of params['id'] for the given vm .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse openbsd command and output .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  missing   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  helper to attach a given certificate in the ssl connected to port .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  define   null

test:  recursively looks up a nested path for the list of components which for the nested module .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : step plus empty .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  get the graph of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  get   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  factory function .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the configurable of the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all commands for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  provide a value for a db .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  define   null
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning a guest .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items of sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of model based model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  strip html or unnecessary entities from xml .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strip   xml
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  list cgroups .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  renders markdown text in markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  classify   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to require a function to catch policies .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   header
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the given container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sets a gcode file into a default stream .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator to ensure that the function is not yet set with the fields of a particular function .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  modifies   list
truth:  use   use

test:  issue -> boto3 message .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  null   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of the names of the dataset that are read from the order of those objects .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  run commands to the patch command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an postgresql user .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  returns   working
truth:  scans   null

test:  should honor the constructor .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  init   test
truth:  test   initialization

test:  return a sql version of string with a given pattern .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  calls   working
truth:  return   return

test:  run python executable in an xml rules: .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  behave   logic
truth:  run   python

test:  list all the listed in a sympy expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   a

test:  helper to parse the given locale .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  return extension in mb .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of edges and edges .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the list of cliques contains a generator of nodes of nodes in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to acquire a method to a method with the given options .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send an event .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  internal function .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterator that generates the unflatten is:" of size n from traversal of size n elements of specified in solving .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  p   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a module given a package or path .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representation of the current sphinx .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  return   text
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   statistics
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness of two elements .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the minimum cycle of the graph by an approximate neighbors of g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a python datetime object to a native datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate a xml type of enum name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   example
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register a new attachments handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  an absolute error regression is of the absolute difference of x .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the wh of the input at the requested function .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most recent ports in the range of a given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   node
truth:  count   count

test:  return the purchase name of the endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate value passed to the couldnt .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces each keyword character with a given value tested against: * mysql 4 .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  starts a port .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  concatenate   attempt
truth:  register   register

test:  if the filter statistics is present in the model .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  fix   function
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  load all the contents of the dataset data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  if   long
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url existing use of a single interface .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create the .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  update   content
truth:  return   a

test:  derivative spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure that a value is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test ask the ask to an local context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  ask   assert
truth:  ask   test

test:  random n_steps .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a migratin for an mpttmodel .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   module
truth:  register   register

test:  imports and returns a django project given its name .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  convert a member to a member that will raise an error map .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  yield   set
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  set customer for given user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  return   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  turns on the reading file system definition into a global default url .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  turns   new
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the git process .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a password digest of a given salted hash .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting by -3 by -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a from_port:to_port:protocol[:destination] wrapper for passing the initial page .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  add request-host and port to the log .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   function
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate the paper and background information .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up urlpattern to the "approve gets the test for the test .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  a placeholder way .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  the radial gaussian gaussian for the radial gaussian harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that theres a sizegl on the current request/thread .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  send from varchar .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  send   classes
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification type for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a snippet link from dictionary .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  expects the xlimits to use the shell folder .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  place   try
truth:  set   set

test:  check the eelif string for the given flavor .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the request object which is an encoded .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  set   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  resorts a list of the string keys from the chart .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete all users from spacewalk .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   user

test:  an iterator that yields toplevel purposes .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  convert a tree string into a list of relation .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the 100 component of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  return   legendre
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  add   try
truth:  to   try

test:  warning: should behave imports where resources docstrings is being created .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  null   color
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the stk500v2 kernel of the ground kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  compute   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  check the specified network device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the average mean of the given precision .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  given   remove

test:  save the response to simulates .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   lines

test:  return a block block with the given config .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  show values: packages .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  null   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove variables used for writing tests .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  remove   uuid
truth:  errors   errors

test:  return the path to the dataset of a package package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   package
truth:  to   attempt

test:  dot to correspond data from the specified file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  null   data
truth:  file   file

test:  find the accounts and account for the given period .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  find   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase activity activity for each page .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  list   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted version of a pair to a python datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets name of a service .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  name   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a content-range header and returns a pair .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the current metric value for the given type metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  boolean   email
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given the list of receivers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a method decorator for stop/disable/activate .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for event locations .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object where given format is a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  the inverse of a matrix for assert .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding hex color value .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  take   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns yn(x) shared variable with shape and cosine params .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to compute the model labels for this feature .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  to   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the current several timezone to use for all requests .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to the response .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  general conversion of the file instance .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   runner

test:  this generator takes a child nodes and yields strings or a csv file .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  a fake version string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a float by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string of seconds from a datetime object .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the links are actually have the given model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return event events .
truth: get events . 
test:  return   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check the application description of an object .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   check
truth:  value   value

test:  given a dictionary of equivalences fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  given   x
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image as a tensor .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first word absolute traverse of the tree .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test individual values from data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   status
truth:  make   null

test:  create a list of the logging callback for use in tests .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  create   null
truth:  if   null

test:  extract the json representation of a json string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to get new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the first precision value from the table .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  the average cost of two matrices .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  increment   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the approximation of the instantaneous 1d .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only used in the external environment .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  configure the db configuration object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  have   config
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compare two sequences of a number .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  raise error if quadratic exception has been added as supported in the range of wcs .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  close   uninstall
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  return   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  set a method which implements an api endpoint to cover requests .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  temporarily update a delayed delayed to the document .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  allow   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  returns a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  loads   null

test:  update the given timeout .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  dedent   update
truth:  set   http

test:  sets the lock on which the redis expires .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and split the given width .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on netbsd systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  run   run

test:  get the path to callback .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new xml attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the virtual environment .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  null   export
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields mapping file mapping .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  creates a new model that can be hosts using a different neural neural the user input .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return the union of the first item in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates public app engine .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   datetime
truth:  remote   remote

test:  returns string with the given values .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  add quote chars in text to quote .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  remove a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   part
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  creates a string with a test .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get string to tuple of the message flipped this generates a list of available; or unclean .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  string   line
truth:  get   get

test:  closest the closest ansi rgb value between two terms .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  composes   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts rgb values to hex value .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   queue
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png background image for the named image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  process   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that has a custom babies .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   working
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the given command and returns its output .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a full dtype of a given array with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the given list from the given list .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for the execution of the decorated function .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  using the predictor model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  using   call
truth:  null   null

test:  build arguments to an migrations arguments .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a list of length n from a symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  run organisation on the git environment .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  look   collection
truth:  update   update

test:  generates the ['/']for searching for paths .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a queue .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  execute the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  execute   network
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the authorization version or ipv6 version strings .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  runs a job on the remote host .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return json request exceptions to make providers webob request .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and including the grid loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render a page where the user is rendered .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   notify
truth:  render   render

test:  returns the list of alert addresses of a resource - used by validating shares for the legged - used by the legged - remove records of the legged restarts .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  show legend positions .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  function   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  imports an object and return it .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  imports   try
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of indices of pairs of pairs of pairs compared is given as a chisquare test for the null version of proportions for an indices
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the contents of the git header .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order linear differential equation with best coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure every methods of test .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  transforms an index entry in w .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a strings into clickable for use in a url .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  uses   numbers
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  tries to wait until the given time are currently active .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  get the first code between two dataseries objects .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this function can be used for hypersearch archive requests .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  limit   program
truth:  function   function

test:  closest of the maximum value contained in a and b .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the number of times to be displayed in order of tests .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  using   null

test:  lists all the nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read coordinate to author in category_name .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   packages
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an html link that uses a maximum link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  returns   table
truth:  insert   insert

test:  writes a data structure to a file .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a database and calls it .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  check if a number is a prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return image with the given image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  transform   randomly
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  create an array with digits .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   rotation
truth:  list   list

test:  get the containing the constant containing a standard sequence of constant value of the given containing platform .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  mark   get
truth:  create   a

test:  disable a warning from the container .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  disable   test
truth:  declares   null

test:  we have a representation of the sff to handle the sff .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  used   support
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  print a message if it may be passed to do not optional .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  print   errors
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of attributes from a collection of attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indented indented by spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of names from a node .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   find
truth:  if   check

test:  find environment directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  find   output
truth:  get   get

test:  get the localizable .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a key from the request to download our workers tests .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict representation of a particular field .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  is   null

test:  stops a body .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  enable   reports
truth:  change   change

test:  turns a dictionary into a list of actions that have been run in a given s3 queue .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check if the given datetime and start are in the time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that protocols throws a valueerror error .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   null

test:  example: {% apply integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   host
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the properties of the object spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a space separated group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  if this function takes a list of positional and contains .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network packages cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  start a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set desat palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  replace   color
truth:  set   set

test:  test that an object has basepath of basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  replacement for a given module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  print   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  the point should be checked against the desired point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  remove an iterable from an iterable preserving order of iterables .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure dataframe are matched groups correctly .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  dataframe   indices
truth:  if   test

test:  return true if k is trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  computes the rho simplify response .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  computes   duplication
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return groups in distinct field name .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard role *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard string
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  notes: restful crud controller - needed for imports waypoints - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return path to commit executable .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   read
truth:  short   get

test:  iterate over the docstring and merge them .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  iterate   debug
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return memory needed for every contiguous volumes as a contiguous array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   ndarray
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given coordinate .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run windows .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   8bit
truth:  run   run

test:  creates an unambiguous key .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  split a plain arguments into a tuple of the form arguments .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a trunk object - port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  validates a url and return a string .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a list of xml across the given element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate encoding for g parameters g : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  retrieve the contents of lines from the file and write it to avoid upper-left files with a relative line code .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  like   one
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the entropy to infer at all the specified length .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  generates   null

test:  return an error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  call   error
truth:  process   process

test:  a function to run to_balance on a given predicate .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  function   standard
truth:  call   call

test:  uses array_like to examine cyclomatic metrics .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  uses   gettext
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate remote args .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  executes   command
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known users for which the source is reporting .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the contents of an request header and return a tuple or none .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  study form[i] .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given dest .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   hypervisor
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of human-readable strings from the given string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect objects with garbage garbage and the garbage collector after each grimoire pages .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  running   cache
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a substring uri given the path .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  called   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  return tuple from a .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator to send methods to a command and return its args .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns a list of windowsservice into a list of new location .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing text from text document .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return 1e6 information from fn .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  allows   time
truth:  return   return

test:  used by the now and b are consistent in the list of samples of all samples of all samples of samples .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  used   int
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string representation of a long .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  parses   data
truth:  encode   a

test:  gets a string as salts .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  open   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   app
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a unicode string representation of a unicode string .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for handling pluralizations .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return hex string or zip color fit the number of hex values .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize for a backup file handle uncaught records that has a cdao method/function .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the message zones to which a phone number belongs to [ .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read correct data into frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   fiducials
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a directory that contain a given path .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  return   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that makes sure that the exceptions are fail if available .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the mac address of a network .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  return the first index of a given value p parameters x : permutation of the first argument list p : bool if p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  return   index
truth:  if   test

test:  take a query string and a series query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a property value for the specified buffer .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  computes   null

test:  a simple parser for content-type values .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   python
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a feature should respond with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape specific i18n or " .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the given field is field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template template string from a hash of integers .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  return   new
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add the arguments to the command line and parses the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  add   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes 2-element fields and uses the database .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  null   string
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return vector3 by set .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  change   change
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply all the attributes from facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   characteristics
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string as a unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the keys in the filename .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the standard database or port of an ec2 server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  string   string

test:  takes the value of the message flags as fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  convert   byte
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test that "stereo_motorcycle" image quality attributes .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   fixture
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of recommended ids of recommended ids within the given model .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test the built-in immutable function .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  holds available sync point .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  mark   mark

test:  do a django reports .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  do   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  return axis' modes and a .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  trims the source of the git section of the git .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  delete   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  find the line number for frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  find   ssh
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  user is a function that parses a artifacts aware python 2 .
truth: add tag . 
test:  is   back
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test installing a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the argument name so we have a single url .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  escapes   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer value .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a sqlalchemy configuration for a given sqlalchemy configuration .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vbd and update it with the vbd and read the vbd reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check the given function returned .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to parse a nested file description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a dictionary of datarows pairs to a list of features for use .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait until the condition is an condition with a random condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  recursively repeat a playlist from a current playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   custom
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the data dir .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string s to a quoted string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  null   match
truth:  given   null

test:  test the list of files that the whitelist is set .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a job job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  this function is required to get around a tty .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor estate : none the name of the target .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the number of items from 0 .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   site
truth:  return   number

test:  if the current ports is available .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a number or a float .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create krb cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   user
truth:  create   create

test:  generates the symmetric group of order n .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  base   base

test:  catch the current environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  concatenate data into a string .
truth: custom view . 
test:  concatenate   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  returns string to use in subject to return the minion .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a source of all its index .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluates the value of the given object and return obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of the given function .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables for .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get filename to an absolute path starting with *name* .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  make sure the given scheduler is enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  template   placeholder
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role for a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   null
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   af_inet4
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  logs all logging .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  callback   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform the index of goodness-of-fit by the dist transform .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  reads all of the timeseries that we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  flush the database used to reset the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is true for bson .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  version of check_output which does not throw error .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to a classmethod class .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   change

test:  shapedata output of various connections based on various connections .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  null   work
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete the image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute greatest and the leading content of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  returns the url for the problems that matches a particular handlers .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given op .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a state of acl names from a aws specification .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a module that connects to the full window .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  to   try
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api labels for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   a
truth:  github   github

test:  is there an table of center table .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  is   index
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  if a template is not in a jinja test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  null   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sort sample header .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  return a dictionary of the involved function matching the target .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a factory that will be passed to a text file .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the chance of a chance matrix .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  returns   bounding
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new decorator or class as a thing check .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks if a large string is set in the list page .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if the given reserved is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a python release ami to the given release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   text
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorates a json set of latest tags and assign it to its deployment .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   new
truth:  return   arguments

test:  extension of a function used by sorting .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  if view isnt returned by apiview .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper function to return the number of zeros .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a csr and return a message of domains .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of inset annotations as returned by the task characters .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  assemble   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the child of the node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  a function to rjust into each color in width and return that was used or the test .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  call   null
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute compute vertex noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used to replace the url into social auth endpoints .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rlstrlst thing into multiple of the supplied positions .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  array   output
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert fixed-length image to dft .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the value is valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  miller-rabin of laplace(f) distribution for beta model parameters overlap : ndarray the number of times as a null pointer : array_like covariance of parameters nobs_all : int of the multivariate
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a home template .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   behavior
truth:  read   read

test:  split a string in a list of text objects .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to pass .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the stats to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle array after the current column .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the matrix to use for the current eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the metadata type for cinder .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  return   a

test:  list sql osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that value is non-empty formatted for this list of email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validates   value
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse the hashes file and return a tuple of recommendations .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   check
truth:  confirm   null

test:  set inverse of a interacting interacting on a interacting while inverse .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  null   base
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  takes a key that may or may not use the beginning of a key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  sets the service of a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  enable   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  show the linode plan for ec2 .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  display the message and return a message for the specified value .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  show   hook
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  setup the node that we have a create paths for each row .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  setup   node
truth:  like   like

test:  the most recent cache post-order .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  null   version
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode json so that it can be embedded in json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  output   output

test:  create a template instance on a group of data but stores it into a list of ports but stores a managed display attribute .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  confirm the meta meta data file from activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  query   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create all file name .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   os
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize a new config object .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  initialize   config
truth:  null   section

test:  find a software version of line containing line and quote it .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  find   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  print replacements and 3 compatible version .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  load tree path as a cleaner .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  force the given jail or objective using the distance matrix .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  remote   arrays
truth:  null   cluster

test:  count the number of individual chapters in the given offset .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra file and stops monit to get cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache for display .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs out the scenario on the scenario .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  performs   time
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  generate the version number from the beginning of dicts .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  show   log
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete image given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  import a single class .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  import   value
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the admin account for all the webapp .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a http response code response into a dict .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  deletes the generic api delete .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable filled with samples drawn from a constant string and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value return a dict .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if the given check has been relative to the given check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the given location to the given device .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   messages
truth:  install   install

test:  test if text is in mb .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  mock the extra child of the extra model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the given path exists and can be used to mark it to the viewed .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  save up an inventory .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a fake services cli example: .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  encrypts a ovs parser string from a base64 format .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the tests that are created by the project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax tax class with package level lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the return value for the given pool and status .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get difference between two points .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clean string to handle list of pattern .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  cleans   find
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a unique path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  write a line to the specified would .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  write   function
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  truncates mapping fasta filepath parameters data : log fasta filepath to truncate .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new cookiecutter based on the provided cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best to return .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a group of functions (f(g(h))) into .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   information
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete from yank .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  delete   custom
truth:  run   run

test:  write too set of items to a file-like object containing file-like object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   convert
truth:  write   a

test:  if a single handler using a single list of api .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  placement utf8 function .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  we have a total_seconds tag in a given yaml tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get source points of source points .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   corners

test:  return a string containing the corresponding filters from the percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and relative path specifiers .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  split   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the maximum field for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  process   process

test:  get a module using a string value given an attribute this method allows you to parse it .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the name of the sharp component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an instance of the serial import .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  load   url
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the provided value is an option of the positive {block .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   numbers
truth:  function   function

test:  return the oauth2 link object .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the spdiags laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix for a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  truncate   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  return the condition in a set of values .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   site
truth:  return   return

test:  future function to extract an exc_info into salt exception .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  function   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the currently active string or the global application if no request is currently active .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the host name for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a backing device(s) to be given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into text and return text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  to   system
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a string or object containing the text data .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  null   standard

test:  test gateway capability with pipe .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of libraries in path .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list images belonging to a schema via various available .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   details

test:  a decorator that calls the result of one method calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  provides   a

test:  a signed instruction for hex encoded points .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes all the provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  deletes   files
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns the string representing the string value of the message .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find relative relative to a resource relative path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove any cloudwatch email .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  trims a stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  stream   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a newly cache handler that returns redirect to the current file an attachment file an attachment instance .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   property
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the shortest path from nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the git branch for the given url and open a git branch .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files and put them into flat answers list of files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  process   a
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the float exactly a rational polynomial .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of the user for the specified device .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return egg from the egg that contains a egg file .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current thread .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a unpickling .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  compute maxdishes portion of a and b .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   =
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create password generator .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  cleanup orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   list
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode value is a unicode .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test 6 .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate sub-sampled batch color used to compute the vocabulary of a batch .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that it returns data in json format in json format with python .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  install   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a pickle character into a human readable character .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random subset of the iterable 0 with a tuple of cores .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  set   zpool
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of yaml and yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a keras window of 1d data .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  is   return
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create a dictionary with the given name .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a pip checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  this is a helper function for snapshots of a snapshot image .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  is   get
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  generates item in course with the given invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  flatten a 2d tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   linear
truth:  turn   a

test:  perform a setting of the application .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  perform   request
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  itemstatus quick set: view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   milestone

test:  check if the availability backends is available for the by querying .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  check   check
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  recursively union iterables in a node and produce a standardized iterables dict .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by compute host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a select query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the basic marked as supported and basic events .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  returns the correct spelling id .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the existing way is platform .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  allows   null

test:  parses the value of a lambda function .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore python object for given *obj* and body .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  attributes   hook
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  reference the versioned version number of identifier associated with the changes to the module name .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   a

test:  configure the client .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configure   undo
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export an site .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file in the given file in the given file in the given file name .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  get source table list for string from a string .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  get   read
truth:  read   in

test:  helper function for the datastore json string returns none if the datastore is missing .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  transforms   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a string can be a valid two-letter characters .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   set
truth:  check   check

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the attribute for the given path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  select   null

test:  sets up and add quote ports to a set of available ports .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  sets   alias
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if player is installed .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  require the user be logged in .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether a table is in votable or a votable if it was specified and returns votable .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  reads   null

test:  a unified module must grab a sites names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a tower function from a thread .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  coil   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of plugin module .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dict with profile permissions .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform general list of timestamp to the timestamp readme that we are linked to use for a weak point to the right check_precondition .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   integer
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the auth ip address for the given auth or tab .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield an package and name for that maps directories of a folder .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the field_req registration code for the given course code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  look   null

test:  creates a dictionnary of absolute results .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return model information .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test plotting of raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   cluster
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return the previously saved indentation level .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute subresultant prs of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  the restful handler for views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  register   tag
truth:  null   null

test:  writes code to html file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  module   html
truth:  create   html

test:  generate bandwidth .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  determines if input length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise x function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  returns an appropriate representation of the given header value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the given object is a generator base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a url is in the right name: the user .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the configuration is available .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  determines the current page name for a addon .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  determines   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calling issue validates when probability works .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  issue   crows
truth:  tests   tests

test:  the step to have a particular prompt for a given prompt .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  step   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cache for managing block structures for caching specific course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast an object to an integer .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  give   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the restricted list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language for the current thread .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the topic can be loaded .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run django tests using a django tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  run   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the line is intersecting inside the like channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  return existing vector args .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic python source string from a tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  tag   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  group a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   render
truth:  iterates   null

test:  returns file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   file
truth:  null   null

test:  add the contents of a control object using the term() .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   use
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers a new region backends .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   decorator
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render a document to category .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the number of "value" in the given dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  track   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a polynomial in the q of a polynomial of the q .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  create   preprocessor
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a xml element under src .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write the given data set cli example: .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   data
truth:  return   data

test:  does email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  email   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all the options and match the current thumbnail .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  setup   saved_file
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the bose partitions trail .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   scan
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value to the logical client .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the number of booleans .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  computes   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handle the given line from basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the python object for the given resource name .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets current user session .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  indicate   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return a list if n is a positive integer .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the project id for project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations of a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the first word representation of the specified string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 using utf-8 str type .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  to   encode

test:  safe courseware .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  actually use the survey_complete http response .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  search   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  yield one of the iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the given model with the given parent .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   cpu
truth:  create   a

test:  neighbor export to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  null   use
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 location .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  set   null
truth:  upload   a

test:  log log .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  log   addition
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  retrieve an object based on passed to the catalog already exists .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  retrieve   user
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  runs standard namespace to update system code in a given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the composer from the p2g platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a new backend backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  load   backend
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a list containing a randomly sampled rows .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  given a list of parameters of a list of parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a generator that iterates through every node of the given selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   type

test:  convert image to the given image or pil .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  null   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the named user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   user
truth:  ensures   null

test:  a: a theano matrix to a theano element returns sparse matrix of s ids of tensor ids based on s element of s where f is a theano element in
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  produce a dataframe to test for this dataframe parameters x : iterable of selection .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode hypertext from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  set the logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  set   logs
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the module path for the given package .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  return   check
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the user name .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the 'eng' position for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy the specified file to write_file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   jinja2
truth:  null   a

test:  converts a three-line email to a three-line ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  converts   transform
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that adds a returned header in the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this html baz" takes an html link and prepends the given text .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  return   text
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the win32 full path to the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a function to return the list of metadata for debugging .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle root of the given video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  do the text into a single space .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  do   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a cache function for getting a directory .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  convert   updates
truth:  compute   directory

test:  if the alloc is more than one which only adds dimension to the given alloc of the given op .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  join   wrapper
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the file descriptor for a given inotify file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  parse   multi

test:  default and fix the current process to the owner .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  support   set
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns all xml blocks of an xpath xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  xml   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  print current json representation of a json object .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  print   null
truth:  command   command

test:  ensures that the named sysctl extension is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensures   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url from a dict .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   url
truth:  resolve   null

test:  if nrt_decref of elements of an output_length .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function to approximate interpolation .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove special text which are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  name a copy of the refresher to handle 5d .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generate a dict mapping prefix to be used in javascript files .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns locale if locale is enabled .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  return   configurations
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of lists of f(x) .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   change
truth:  convert   convert

test:  interpret tuples from an element .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  this function generates the identity group based on the current user .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  function   messages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda packages .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  sets whether the directory should be running in the dev .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if we are done correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  calculate   append
truth:  null   null

test:  covert the given int into a hardwareid table .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fdel fdel sets for the given location .
truth: like @property . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  like   like

test:  given a vote event .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  returns the growing network graph the growing network .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an cookies cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   blocks
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  upload a url instance to the given object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  upload   search
truth:  runs   op

test:  example string from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   os
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  attempt to find a resource in an already exists .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   unicode
truth:  get   a

test:  load the latest certificate from config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  do   null

test:  the given object is a boto3 model .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  reimplementation the zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  expand   metadata
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a map of a metadata file and return a dictionary of the corresponding scale .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  determines if a path exists and mock of the response .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  to   n
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  converts unicode character or unicode to pretty unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  list all the currently registered ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified users is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  build an model to work for generic dataset .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  build   trace
truth:  to   try

test:  given a string of arguments containing all arguments .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  if   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  make sure that the regression is cleared .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  runs   time
truth:  url   url

test:  if a python object is a mock json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for the given instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a function multiple executor on a wrapped loop .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the maximum of the given k such that it is an populate_initial_workspace of the maximum of the bipartite function .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps with no directories in the directory but allow directories to there are no directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  return proxied key with an ustring: int .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  removes all commented versions from comment wabbits .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  string   string

test:  this function is called from the firewall rule this function makes sure it will pick an esxcli or list of hosts on the host .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  function   run
truth:  show   status

test:  create a new one of the provided field .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  create   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  when up a script in the future python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   media
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compound_statement version of the gpu implementation by all pdf .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write an object from an object file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a map .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a list of hosts defined in a list of hosts .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  null   use
truth:  make   null

test:  transform a string from a group .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an array representation of a 3d absolute_import dont compute the coordinates .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   edges
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions for a list of nodes or none .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  transform unconstrained vector represented by the optimizer of points to unconstrained parameters n : array unconstrained coefficients of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  constrained   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of program names .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   program

test:  taking the external argument .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if locale is flavor/image for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return mro for methods whose methods is an base class .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  yield   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if filename is a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  it should run once .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  show the packages and a pretty version output .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   os
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename subsites requests to a single project .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  rename   openssl
truth:  view   view

test:  transform x to the exponential of the binomial function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a response object from a linode api .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  modifies   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return system memory usage .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the list of milestones milestones completed for namespace with namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list the inverse notation in a single space .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  list   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the style loss given a list of element(s) .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  function   threshold
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize a function or method .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return the cwltool widget for a given tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  provide   a

test:  returns an exception with any exception that was committed yet .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  view   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  if values are same as the same .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  splits source code into a newline .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  content   content

test:  parse code at the provided block of block device .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  code   indentation
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample from the markdown dataset .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  extracts   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit points from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   custom
truth:  read   read

test:  replaces raw text by a large formatted string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  print a message and exit .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  usage   exit
truth:  error   error

test:  return iterator over the cumulative sum of n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse indexers config file .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  parses   set
truth:  searches   searches

test:  this function generates a simple widening using the discrete logarithm .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: usage .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  encode   files
truth:  null   lx

test:  main entry point .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   up
truth:  return   return

test:  load a wcs .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  load   validates
truth:  test   test

test:  returns if the given locale is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes the constructs token token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   set
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if *uri* is a vself .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a single ordinal sequence to ordinal cant be a reverse string or unicode string of ordinal base64 .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  general test .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  to   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion or determinant of the issue sigma2 parameters sigma2 : float estimate of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the markdown data structure for a file and settings: used when deployed .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  counts   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator that automatically exit into case of file .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return the given x spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function ensures that the given model is take in a reconstruction .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  calculate   plot
truth:  show   show

test:  we need to add a message to error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   api
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure execution execution exists in the victorops name the victorops to set examples: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask the app .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  called   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the qr common prefix of an object .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  white kernel function .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   stim
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces a max_rows boolean indicating how many version .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the current address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   mac

test:  returns inode classes that are supported by the installed version cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a scripts locally .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   replacement
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  given   index
truth:  function   function

test:  construct the trakt arguments .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  converts   split
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parse rfc2617 encoded task value .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parse   base64
truth:  post   post

test:  return a gradient of the datastore or negative cipher .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a unicode object by the given python .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  entry point to be looked .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate package install the git package if it doesnt already exists .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  file   attempt
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a figure .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  tests the message if error is an existing string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of tuples from a file .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  format   a

test:  set a backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  send the request for the given email .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse an event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  given   null

test:  adds the cg or an expression to the cg or removing all 64 or compiles non-string groups .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id find comment id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop any null queues from task queue .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about the group update .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  extract string from a list of chars .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  check to make sure python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  join two pandas jobs on a sequence of simple emulate .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   url
truth:  join   operation

test:  return the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current strategy for a particular strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  streamissue contents of the github stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  dataset   stop
truth:  github   github

test:  compare a package .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name of the file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  retrieve   parse
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  return indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all the blocks which a course date .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check barcodes of 3-d .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  check   mapping
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator which causes a function to test records on publicly modules which calls it .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  lsm lsm structure from numpy array format .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  null   registration
truth:  read   read

test:  encode a file encoded using the base64 format .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encodes   generate
truth:  convert   a

test:  construct a negatives function for the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  turns   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an existing collection of changes to the existing object that should be along an existing socket .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return the current site configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is the sympy parse the statuspage [a the mapping of characters and set the top value pair of speech bits .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  is   space
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return local path string where the given path ends with / separated by mime .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper function to check if the given path matches the directory itself .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  sets application to the given node name on a node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   uniform
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write list of data to the write data .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   datachars
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  retrieves a linode user from the user or override the default user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  if the host is network interface name .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  verifies whether a single test date is single .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  if   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot at a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a dictionary to a distributed dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  view   print
truth:  print   a

test:  this is the repository function in the repository version of the call to the char .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the 3x3 psi_{n} of the given file .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns the action type of an action type based on the action type .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  if   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  see url .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone time zone as a string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this can load let jinja values .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  decide   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add add to the end of the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it is not found .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   assert
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a single log to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue statements for a list of objects which are deleted .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  make   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the current client of a exit file .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  converts   process
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns standard u'module' report for the wrap_text .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the dataset containing the dataset metadata for dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  return   output
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column works .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a new notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a memcache sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  print filename checksum that should only be used .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  prepare a new exam from the entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize a single medline records from a list of imgt .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  creates   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  create a normal connection to the given host cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  set   test
truth:  save   null

test:  can load markdown code from markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  code   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a path name .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  list   list
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from ec2 .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  use this from all no nodes that are sent for participants .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  search   null
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   python
truth:  ask   null

test:  the lower integer k is a positive integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  unquote a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  change   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a sha1 object tied to the concatenation .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like os .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  like   function
truth:  return   a

test:  start collection for module start .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten an entry from an iterable .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  forces a string text to map .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   use
truth:  header   header

test:  remove chkconfig service via s6 .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the given uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the median of the input parameter labels .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verifies that the given status is in the currently active results' ones are in the start and format is a nice error state .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  error   error

test:  converts integers to list of list of list since calling ones .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a value to a float object .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  return true if the repository is within a repository repository repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   check
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the tuple in incremental .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  set up server configuration file for the given server .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  set   a
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin allows you to define a build step .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define java_library .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  register   binary
truth:  define   null

test:  a pre-hook for the subclass .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  replace icons icons by desktop .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  sets   property

test:  this makes sure that the maximum content is started and the signals of the signals are written .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  inspired   matching
truth:  connect   connect

test:  transform a 4-tuple into algorithms form .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  return the conditional of the decorated function for all the classes .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   use

test:  finds the number of dimensions for the account if its equal to the filters .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function to render the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  function   a
truth:  list   list

test:  load a file from loader .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   try
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  load the configuration from the device config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   read

test:  parse a datapoints on a polar thread and labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   check
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  update docker docker timeout on centos .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  force   action
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string of parameter objects .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single step le expr | empty .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  split the file filename into a tuple containing the root directory .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a placeholder that just returns false .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file from the supplied source to another .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   a
truth:  file   file

test:  convenience function to remove a file filename .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks a string containing one of the text files .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   redirects
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the consecutive then note that it is part of a order at the k .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  set   detach
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the current pyos_inputhook for the given window .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  return   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  install text .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   use
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap header for each interval .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   wrapper
truth:  build   build

test:  creates imageproperties from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  draw a single channel with matrix such that the channel interpolation is assigned correctly cli example: .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  execute a data from the receive of the given data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  pass   notification
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return a origin name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  is   human
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  split generic and not match generic transaction .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  split   return
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test serviceprovideeditview records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an absolute path to the file named filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  create   a

test:  format fraction .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  format   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  centers the table length of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a domain string into an instance of volumeservice .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns the name for the given module .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar by square loops .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   polygon
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  replaces single image object from the image and an object .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  replaces   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  renders   null

test:  run an eliot process .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  run   setuptools
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  settings   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  put program to sleep .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  put   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  remove first name at first name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  remove   parse
truth:  split   node

test:  returns a relative url for the xpath namespaces .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  import   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the default setting for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the matrices matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first message should have a wrong message .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the entire module from the file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   source
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  convert a string to a function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a list of files read from a cleaner file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  returns   whitespace
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to finish .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate one random string of bytes_length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the 18 generated by an 18 .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the version of the daily object .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  get   get

test:  creates an item from db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  task tasks that updates the task object status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  lists   searches
truth:  view   method

test:  returns a list of place for given road .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the model label for all installed app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  like nt .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all associations of a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the escaped html content based on markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  return   html
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  probability -> dict of all the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  safely decodes a unicode string using bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a format string for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index buffer to set index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   sum
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for an exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the same arguments .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project configuration .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  attribute   equivalent
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  most recent python packages or name .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  null   check
truth:  get   credentials

test:  set a service object for the current thread .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  set   usage
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple messages that the admins has been logged and uses it .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   exception
truth:  sends   a

test:  compile model loss for given dataset with a given axis .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  model   null
truth:  test   test

test:  try to trigger an installed version .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   use
truth:  grab   drac

test:  if using the given command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  using   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated from the string as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns the notification notification task and push their update for the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  running the test suite .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  runs   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  set up the item in the graph for all items of the specified task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  set   fingerprint
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  create an action for our action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function that maps a unicode object to the unicode object .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  fetches the data about the given footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  fetches   parse
truth:  return   data

test:  return all the jobs for all jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the fk4 matrix x and y .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  create   create

test:  return the default data contained in serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value for the given params .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  validate a non length cli example: .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  truncate   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  save the https files .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  save   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all members in partial buffer to this property driver .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  map   map

test:  take workers in the workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  turns   ip
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a query given a query .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   shorthand
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  performs deseq2vs normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices otu otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of python flag as a list of dicts .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  count the number of human readable by the human readable .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  count   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of inversions .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  insert   item

test:  print out the screen .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  gather   setup
truth:  required   items

test:  get an image from image name .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  get   return
truth:  push   push

test:  makes all the table entries .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  makes   run
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   volume

test:  function to return the sha1 code for a given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  composes the arguments of an entry section of arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   parse
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  utility to ensure that the hypergeometric configuration is available .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  to test credentials .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  decode a geometry object using csf .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the release--desc--short' descriptor .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channels-dropping functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   channel
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  return an iterator of edges in the graph .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  list   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert knots file into a single network .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using node .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return all instances of all instance types .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search for a list of strings using first argument .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  search   a
truth:  depth   depth

test:  creates a single cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  cache   format
truth:  changes   changes

test:  list all help help files .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and utf-8 unicode objects .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  aux function to get resources from a set of hmacing or method .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode 'geoserver' .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line match to find conf or timedelta at least individuals .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   return
truth:  input   input

test:  create an test_ssltype_ssl class for given location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  yield   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add the given per to the corresponding scale .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the process by sending it in the datastore .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  translate a service handler into alarm .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  selfupdate each test subsets from the given args and see if the twitters argument were run .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  return qurl to the devices in a currently selected user format .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return an instance of a given user name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   module
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  sets the currently active theme based on the request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of available updates cli example: .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  lists   escape
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  convert a list of endpoint into one big without changing the named urllib3 .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  then assign ^-1 .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  have   i

test:  search all words for trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  encode an /proc/meminfo hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  quotes   use
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to get a iterator of all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parses a dict and returns a dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  do not raise an exception if the critical .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  this function should be used and asks them but the rest api doesnt have a test case if any given a value but doesnt reproduce them .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  initializes multiple students page of students which have an email address .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  initiate   send
truth:  manage   null

test:  a slightly type by adding checking for the given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute subresultant prs of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  return wave for given apps .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sending message to hipchat token .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  parses the gradient mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plots plot with plot axis as a new buffer .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   show
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get students with given key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the native string to a native encoding .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get machine against all ssh files .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  converted   resources
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote name and execute it only if a watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate an aws key from an specified key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the hermite inner function for the points in the left .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   discrete
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of a particular structure of the default system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  step   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  return a dict of all element .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  list   current

test:  returns the class for the given model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a dictionary of words in json format .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  our diskfile from various detains .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   handler
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders 'includes/form in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page uri from the hypervisor .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the enrollment enrollment for the course enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the experiment filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  scan tid: and d^2 off tid .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  scan   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg where wed expect to find a given distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  it should have at least the first string column .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   -
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create the windows kernel path from the windows file name .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  create the tensor and proceed the given parsed path .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  create   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test dashboard .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test that all the summarize_model can be parsed via doctest .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   circle
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   multiple
truth:  converts   a

test:  download a file from path if available .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   list
truth:  get   path

test:  try to parse position from an position at the position in format .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  display   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  create a json object for the given tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  email email address page .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  email   email
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a value of v2 in real .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  compare   probability
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats request handling request code to a given tuple of attributes .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the version string to use by a future .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  remove the .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  searching   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the grid of scipy in the read-only for this release .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  be   equivalent
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a list of all the terms of a collection with port that implement equal to the given index .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  want   fulltext
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point to the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  computes   strings
truth:  display   display

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  event for the accesstoken signal stored in this microsite directory .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  returns a string as cutoff or cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  extracts   information
truth:  cast   a

test:  return the api representation of the user calls for the highest thread .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get an transport configuration .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash of the given constraints and index .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  deletes an email address and the user .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  get   get

test:  queues email using email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this tamper script works * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  this should be an easier with all the keys as all the given model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  lists   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  view to verify the login backend provider provider for a given url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   urls
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a value to the right settings around settings .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  add   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  elementwise   django
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize unquoted finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates the words of a string of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  shortens   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for views that allows us to be updated at the end of a request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host processes to a file .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  produce a string if not supported in the positive integer not supported or sort not widgets .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the first center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of action codes for the template codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   action
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a clique graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a message helper function that will redirect to a particular status code for the given status .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  given a recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  given   a
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot activation function :math:varphi(x) = .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   symbols
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download an invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   delete
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a single test object .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options to determine what multiple options are parsed .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return the port on the specified package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces multiple string to "dict" so that it runs correctly with newline .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  clean   version
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  recursively define field and return the ccx course; for a particular field .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  transforms   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  makes   datetime
truth:  generating   a

test:  estimate the md5 hash of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  null   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make c field instance for the given null .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all volume specs for given volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   qos
truth:  associate   volume

test:  return sphere coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate ascii characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  encodes   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  plugin registration file .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  plugin   link
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse "legacy" .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   something
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  integer in mongodb transform the form of sky to make sure that the form is least one does this one does but dont integer token .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  null   task
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse object has an ip and object_id if the given httprequest object has an ip address
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  find the percentage of applying a vector from unconstraint the vector .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   edge
truth:  null   null

test:  create a child category .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a node name from a given reference .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of listing after each number of urls in the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  return json object of the 2 .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  return   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  sends comment methods to given request .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   update
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  if the root directory is running .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  verify   directory
truth:  test   test

test:  add "views" settings to the specified role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  process a python type by name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   return
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the classical address in this address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  return load information from an instance as identifiers this vm cli example: .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  null   import
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for behaviour that do not mark passing the executed context .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a path for a tar column on the compute cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  if self is not none .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch lyrics engine info from url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove test files from a list of pages .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make <value> from a frame records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   iterator
truth:  to   try

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a unicode string to binary data .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  a higher order function for the current machine .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  unlock the named value of the given lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  disable   logger
truth:  if   null

test:  nibble nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a question; askquestion .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix expr .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  extracts   transpose
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that thought works correctly work .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   asserts
truth:  test   test

test:  returns all parameters from key string parameters .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it in the string in double-quoted files in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate permissions of a loop in defaults .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  email   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is called from new aws call .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert files to a python form .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  should have a dag date as a goal date but the last time .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform random layer numbers of float numbers of input activations using 2 classes into 2 .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  classify   null

test:  compute a python object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts the json representation of json into a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   json
truth:  converts   a

test:  is a ipython hook whose content passed in python 2 .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  is   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the use of a given container agent to enable the container agent .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a floating mask which will be stored in a given int and return a 64-bit line number .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  specified   get

test:  remove a file from the end of a named user .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return value of a 2-d tensor with a given image .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  exclude   function
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   use
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  update an existing inventory from json .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  load   program
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if a signal is vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a string-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns an open get parameter string .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check xml xml file for a ec2 clauses .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  translate a last error error to a datastore since it .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emissions is a symbol that allows you to be a symbol of memcache when my_host_name all .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  is   hex
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the first user object or method of a cache .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  to   user
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new build client with the given test settings .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the arguments for this argument id .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the exponentent bits .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  error   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a generator function to load all the files in the directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   update
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line axis axis .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  add an image to disk .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  cancel a message at a flattens flattens .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   db
truth:  db   db

test:  append the correct error with soup' - glob to the correct type for the live data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  append   a
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  compute   union
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path_str rectangular distance between two locationglobal coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given model is callable .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  lists   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a master widget for a master class .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db units units are changed after the on-disk file ceased after the on-disk file ceased to exist and that the on-disk file match after the on-disk file ceased
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  force an class[compiler]except object by name to it creator auth .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  force   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove notification from source with inited prerequisites .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  internal method to make the bokehjs service connection object .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test zero function .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   norm
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parses the in-process config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   files
truth:  read   read

test:  the inheritance is set w/ multiple of services .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns path of default cache file and create folder .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes configuration file .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns sessions for given u'mobile' table .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  list   find
truth:  list   list

test:  return the comment tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check whether the first element in a list of bytearrays are double albuminfo .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   split
truth:  given   a

test:  expand a list of values that matches a particular sentence .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  partitions   returns
truth:  solve   equation

test:  removes headers from the response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function that leaves the value usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  return a branch along the parent of paths .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the http(s) model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test advanced debugging logging .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram based on a matrix x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   loop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download and decompresses old taggit from filename document_pb .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  download   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a delete to nova cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  emulate worker(s) to consume for target by gossip - .
truth: hold election . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test if the python file exists .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall the current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  gather   install
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether there is successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the indices and a matrix of the input matrix a square matrix parameters a dense or sparse matrix matrix a : dense csr or sparse matrix returns an iterator
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  builds a dictionary of items for a task subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  determines   number

test:  fetches an messages for a certain backend .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  fetches   messages
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  builds a method decorator that applies a function to a method .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  to   null

test:  inserts a list of tuples into the root destination objects .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  queries the entire user by iterating through a phone user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  queries   users
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the gradient of variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  returns   variables

test:  return a list of slave ips for this azure .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  see if we are found in question if found .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the number of linkage that are stored in the data .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as rank .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  null   return
truth:  take   a

test:  set the key for the private key .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   master
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make a small function to make sure that the input array are the same as a new .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  is   array
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return lines of the last line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  updating updating the data .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  defined   list

test:  add color of a complex color of a application .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for pretty respont while a call %s is a call .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  log   a
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if a and b are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   t
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns tuple of integer limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  filtered   truncate
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   information
truth:  change   change

test:  convert a time value to a zone aware datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points by points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register the home y_{t-1} function .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  non-direct 'importrandom\nclass .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the incoming gateway for the answer field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   unpack
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shows variables using the same context .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  return true if x is an instance of the first argument .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  return   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  gets tool keys from tool shed or a task name .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds a document to a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  run   print
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function creates a single dashboard summary as a script .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  function   accepts
truth:  upload   executive

test:  for the given filename .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  null   queries
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock the plural mock into an json-compatible file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  test that get_debug_value and also be able to extract the passed in the current environment variables from the class type --> the place .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  mixed   verifies
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if api is available for api .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   interface
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log subs locator with default subs length .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrices matching the given scipy matrix .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the swisscom device scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a list of desired entry .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get solid output .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  create a letter resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  a shorthand for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   synonym

test:  list all dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   current

test:  extracts messages from given doc .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  reports   messages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a dataset with a chi order and train it as a higher order .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  load   outputs
truth:  test   test

test:  format a dict into an existing dict parameters option : object .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer value is a positive integer value for the integer containing 0 - 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   value
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions of the first kind and relative to the first kind .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the verisure component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validates whether the password given in the form .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  return true if *name* is within dist_name or aborted .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country codes from the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve a bcachex or cache of bcache dev .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check the use of timeit ip addresses .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  round round by aes .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  round   root
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete an informative job .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders in a folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   directories

test:  uploads a processed operation .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  uploads   uploads
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return normalized reciprocal of square root of input variable .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   version
truth:  function   function

test:  returns module of given condition .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   variables
truth:  list   list

test:  with a column tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  to   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  return the result of data to render the given filters .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   html
truth:  build   a

test:  save all old page with a given path .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  sets   child
truth:  checks   page

test:  return a list of available list of fields .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to decorate methods with connection methods .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for default .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  default   default

test:  takes a template name and returns an object .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new mean of axis from the axis data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  create   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the conditional factorization of a multivariate scale .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that histogram of no longer than no longer present in the current style matrix .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  if   change
truth:  called   null

test:  computes the sorted lparen error .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  computes   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  when new footer of the footer .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  pull   settings
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy all source scoring to source .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test the test cases in chebyshev action - generate parser .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style server with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  output   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of the default titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a string in a list of values .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a match containing the given expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function to get and return a list of union .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert numbers from hex string to hex friendly .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user to a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a compound compound .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   move
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a list of data from a file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  return   files
truth:  loads   mr

test:  returns the similarity of the given list of similarity .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  implements   implements

test:  read a timestamp from the timestamp .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  figure   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function that creates an uninterpolated path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  function   os
truth:  return   return

test:  override a user .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the raw metrics dict for the course section for the course with students arguments: run: -- the data buffer section of students .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that formats datetimes into iso8601 format .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  parse option for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a static script that runs the result from the scripts of all the installed item .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  constructs   resource
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade packages with opkg upgrade upgrade returns a full version of the package database containing the specified package to delete packages cli example: .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   handle
truth:  view   view

test:  cleans the given filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  cleans   sequence
truth:  url   url

test:  transform a anchor box with a given figure .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  transform   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  mask mask handling .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  mask   calling
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   system_controls
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function on the color(s) in the color(s) log entry and applies the function on the color(s) in the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return false if pid is sorted .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the dict containing an existing list of valid values .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   command
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the pip module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  check if a structure holds the given headers {"name": by headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  takes   a

test:  lower and fix back to all occurrences of substring .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the app editor as a collection of integers .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  runs   up
truth:  text   text

test:  return the individual model for a given network .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a message in the |names| table .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  add   actions
truth:  apply   action

test:  read in the power types into a single power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  read   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  custom base location score 8 be more than one location for certain location of the base bases .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  limit   probability
truth:  bins   bins

test:  return the singleton for the current node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the default app tasks in use and optimize tasks .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert a version string to a tuple .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given iterable is an arbitrary one .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the simple node for the given node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  email   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a mock delete delete delete delete delete a mock objreg .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   use
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the inputcontains of a np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  apply   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  test rotated specification .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  take   temperature
truth:  test   latitude

test:  produce a resource field for a given type .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new instance of the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   mock
truth:  null   method

test:  yield all indices of the given list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   group

test:  ensure an object a type will be correctly used as a target for a form of a form .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  interprets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start quaternion for the message .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  start   openssl
truth:  config   key

test:  loads a character from a search of integers .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert an timestamp to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  elementwise factorial of array x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that serviceprovideeditview works on a particular user object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  python module with the given name .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  checks the field name of the first list of events .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an external range given by configuration and relative to .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  run the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  run   function
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  this function is used because a hash and a module and it using 2147483647 algorithm .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  function   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  find an attribute of an attribute of the internal in the class .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string representation of the named file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a job transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  'request activates response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  show   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  takes an iterable or sequence of values and returns the corresponding list of lists of iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create an array of sequences from the training .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  constructs and receive a field from the specified field .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the state of a given component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   datetime
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch context .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   proxy
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an 'otherkey' dict with some arbitrary data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  simple class for calculating int in seq .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the type string .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  simple function that runs the last running on all the container .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   null

test:  login in execution will get the regular expression for a given piece of workers and return the url .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  log   in

test:  helper for :meth:write_entries to convert a protobuf message value to an image protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  splits a string or search for a list of string .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  adjust   text
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the given history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently retrieve a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  initialize the next graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  argument will convert arg to type .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  null   function
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  apply the url to an object .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   update
truth:  apply   html

test:  import custom import .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  import   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine if the given error is "close" .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  when text ends with multiplying .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  decides test definitions in use this variance .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  slices   code
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the julian bilinear arithmetic arithmetic of n .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object that will tell for a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  signs   a

test:  checks if the given method uses the unchanged style to be treated as a custom style style .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status of seconds cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a hardware maps string containing a signature dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to generate a given report for a given report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  checks if a server exists .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate an index of data .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return all output from error or opencl output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  an implementation of the correct decorator used to verify the correct suffix and my forms .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   color
truth:  make   a

test:  test for a specific name .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  test   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the global colors of the current existing file .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just like user_messages .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  like   numbers
truth:  describe   null

test:  establish attributes of the given value against the most recent value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  attribute   set
truth:  perform   a

test:  change the metadata server .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  change   create
truth:  store   information

test:  sample demonstrating based on image holding a was ovs-vsctl .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  expanding   list
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the valid email that validates the list of email or edit that validates .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  trivially a function to the given name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json object containing a nulls type of n .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  for backends - we want to grant logging .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   append
truth:  null   temporary

test:  return the environment variable and config directory .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return true if name is a urn urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate logic change to tell tp .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   element
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then the encoded key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the supported sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return process_memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method to format an qtwebkit against the standard notebook .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  expand   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a tuple of tensor .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  return a json with classified replaced by their respective code .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  return   color
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   snr
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager which adds a temporary cwd .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  used to read an http response from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   read
truth:  to   attempts

test:  resolves a vm to a virtual machine on a specific vm .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  let   null

test:  returns the given timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso 8601 formatted string to a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a numeric shell to a string .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  converts   overlay
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  flatten a set of tuples .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable/disable a transaction from database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse info from blob key .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  callback   information
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the contents of the repository manifest from a file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  turns the given code to a native byte str or a python datetime object .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test for url .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until the power parameter is enabled .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current request at the given time .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert final id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  parse plain 32-bit floats using the content .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  null   read
truth:  count   count

test:  add glance metadata for specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  connect a client to a client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to an empty .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  extracts   convert
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get instance of functionannotation buffer .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  given   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns a string representing the pants version of bokeh .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function that is not a effect of the given old .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  remove custom device under the boundary .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merge a data store .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   find
truth:  nested   merge

test:  basic assignment by the current while seeding .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  check   configuration
truth:  enter   null

test:  drops potential width information .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  drops   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove all additional parameters from docstring .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  files   read
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a temporary node and register it from the given node with the like none .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this function is only used to test a new arch .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  function   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  remove xml handling from the c{newpath} control .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  shortcut   api
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns request cookie value of a new session .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  needed   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a param into a wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  bytestring -> primary args with the same args as {{ by default .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   return
truth:  make   a

test:  return largest order for all higher than v .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  arrays   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this is an audiences which factor a nested string and all of its lines .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  is   elements
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  converts a numeric number to a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a helper function for the absolute mb of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to change .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  populates a template variable with basket active .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  indentation   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns the right common differential equation examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  apply   argument
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  makes an iterator by eliminating the exceptions starting at a time .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  running   s
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert the yaml table field into a dict .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  mean   list
truth:  formats   formats

test:  response execution for the checkout/payment of messages was returned by one .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  allows   code
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a dict of data for the given form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check a xml config vars .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel in a package .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test adding binary data to a dummy binary file .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   function

test:  transform field definition into a dict for the lookup of a given fields .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  turn   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text python script inserting again .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  perform a sax cache of tcl for backwards data .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the named user has been present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   permutations
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugin paths for the safe paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get linter for http response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  accepts   data
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of a tensor .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read data from a block of data sets for memory .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  null   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  takes a string using dns devices .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  takes   rest
truth:  matching   matching

test:  commits and rar3 function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  confirmation of all active 'rooms .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  print   scan
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a summary of exploration summary .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  return true if node is modified from stack .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  user denied .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  handle   edit
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a given qos to reach a given qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten response to numchunks .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  get path to the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  get   packages
truth:  return   size

test:  create a managed instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a string from a list of units defined in the first length and key/val at rights .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a text3d object .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  install the user in a particular python package .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   django

test:  set up the dammit! options for fit .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   gl

test:  if we are using text; .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given a text .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  turns   replacement
truth:  to   null

test:  takes unicode objects or bytes and returns a string .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  install the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  install   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  load a tensor if a tensor is a generic distribution .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  estimate   change
truth:  check   number

test:  returns the list of the given list of numbers .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  usage   usage

test:  estimate the code of a pycassa distribution parameters code : ndarray the old-style distribution .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  close   return
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper to handle an test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  choose s .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   method
truth:  return   a

test:  return a trace object until the debugging stack frame is active .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   update
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory containing the file in the directory of the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the given number of binary data in a string .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   null
truth:  display   n

test:  returns the sentence sentence of a list of word .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines whether a version is a version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a galaxy_session tuple containing the named constants .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a new base32 file of bytes_length and b .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the directory where location is installed .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  return a list of active bkroot cli example: .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string arguments .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   appends
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates a list of type: controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  null   manager

test:  read in and write multiple volume(s) message about provided .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  log   null
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from a url dict .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there are no lock to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  this view is used for view used where this view is an instance of a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the given project and raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  displays a due representation of a course date .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove an virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the dict representation of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  load a pickled object from a file .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   directory
truth:  read   data

test:  returns package by name for the specified file .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  package   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  set the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  request   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return yesterdays fnone on a date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  the restful handler for topics and inline entries .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part hasher .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an open tree or all the system .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  if   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transfrom a single client .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from a target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  format   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an existing log message .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  function   stop
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  bounce   null

test:  listen to initialize a buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new query object according to the given question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns json object containing the json .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   column
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  transform zero intervals to apply an array at a given interval args: path: : array-like returns the amount of interval intervals : index array representing the same intervals for an
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  transform   indices
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a helper function for getting a deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  spectral spectral content of a univariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  to   exit
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the current factor .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   list
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  this cannot be a valid memory setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make the quantity column on quantity columns .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  grouping   quantityinfo
truth:  test   test

test:  build a job rules .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  collect dates of a given asset .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  port   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get a new disk to the given path .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  download   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns native string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  i returns a function with the given name .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a diff array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the request context is currently top level .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   install
truth:  turns   null

test:  checks if a 'key file is a 'key document .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  define   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return the first item in the current environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the names and directories required for root .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a test if unittest is only executed on a filesystem .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert python list to list .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  convert   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return tuple .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a human-readable term string from a raw term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of all images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dictate arma process parameters ar : float estimate of the loglikelihood process ar : int number of lagpolynomial for use in the form process ar : float process returns arma
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   coefficients
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this creates a fake application context .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  needs   null

test:  retrieve all the pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect an ssh connection to the ssh policy .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  to   method

test:  apply the template string to an object .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  set   null
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id for the passed vm .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it should be rating' as length during the scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  a pair for factories .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  traverse   print
truth:  return   root

test:  check permission has a permission on a user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  accept   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assign code into a string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  validate   code
truth:  null   null

test:  gets image of the mime library for this perspective .
truth: return blit . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the directory that the file has been used in .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns dense weight for a dense cross entropy and logits[ .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  move   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  check for a given opening/closing period .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  check   op
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  view   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  monte carlo concatenate test data for given once .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  threshold   power
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  returns the getcdlistdir directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid category containing invalid globals and variance .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the cache of the module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining description strings .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video filter status .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  set   new

test:  build a command line of the requirements .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  build   server
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a boto3 .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   average
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract a trailing package name from a package name and returns the package that has a trailing op .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return module if *name* is installed .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   return
truth:  import   import

test:  return the values of multivariate polynomial which are array of numbers .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render our string passed with an file-like object .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  determines the file or a directory containing the specified port .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  show   guess
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  return   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns notification information about the given email address .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  access   send
truth:  renders   null

test:  return unicode output of bytes .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure the given mac address is set correctly .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  set   traffic
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  list all items for a named account .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  skip a test case of the database to skip a test case it has a html line number of this node so far it as a list of workers .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  null   word

test:  convert a directory .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the jacard of the two values of a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the learning from the current axes .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  instantiates   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return string representation of 'separators' .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  string   json
truth:  object   object

test:  sanitize job with square .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  describe   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  append 'cnf .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  append   numbers
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  post to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  return a :class:xblock and matches the given sql key .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  walk   url
truth:  hash   hash

test:  theano activation function for the fieldvalue of the given vector .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  null   program
truth:  initialize   a

test:  given a directory and an absolute path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function that returns the autocorrelation of a function usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   function
truth:  simulate   a

test:  compute items of a list of items from the first item of the matrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  a template tag that returns the url to a file using the file storage .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  concatenate   template
truth:  given   a

test:  initializes the subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  initializes   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  a interface to the file .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new random variable with the moving - .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  function to log message with given arguments .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: 'pathignore' trigger the ignored for a build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  inits   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current colormaps colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema for a tcp server .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  do   a
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator for being returned by calling .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize cached environment for subprocess .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  scales the output of a batch of shape along sparse wald left assume_regular_frequency authenticate to a single dimension .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  scales   output
truth:  apply   a

test:  insert the given query string into a certain parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a single table object by its sched_setscheduler .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a decimal datetime object to a decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   cgconfig
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  parses build data from an table to correct format .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  determine the data of a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  transform all the rest page to filter on rest .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  transform   utility
truth:  list   list

test:  view method to create a redirect to interface and redirect to the social url .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  view   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on apt-based systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  force roles to check credentials according to target .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  produce   exclude
truth:  null   null

test:  test that column can be added to column names .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boolean if the given pattern matches the posible pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   search
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   names

test:  url url .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to the log rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   function
truth:  create   create

test:  return true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add multiple self-generated components to the given edge data .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  base   null
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack tcpip to a initial project/create .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  show   unpack
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return true if value can be 64 for diffrenderer confirmation .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  validate valid file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  null   invariant

test:  this is intended to be used by plot the bottom bar stack .
truth: table plot . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert a scalar object to an array .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  apply   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an iterator over the offsets of the original contents .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  add a new project .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  add   a
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the 1-d axis of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sums   elements

test:  create a default letter processs way to be used for mysql .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  create   implementation
truth:  determine   null

test:  is the package name .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the raw hash of the key sorting .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  return   reference
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator function that yields a given module and all modules under path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  perform self-test .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  read a file from a protobuf .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  monitor   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any files are present in the current directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  return   check
truth:  files   files

test:  do a performance attributes of an object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  do   attributes
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart the docker container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  return the delayed in use .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  compute a encryption .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the versions of an versions tag namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split a map of inverse in map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  split   a
truth:  build   a

test:  given the country from args .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  given   one

test:  create the global resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  create   update
truth:  update   update

test:  if working keys from user keychain search .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  takes   derivative
truth:  search   keys

test:  clear all empty queue names .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete attendance of service string .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  function   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt a specified group cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  upgrade   server
truth:  halt   a

test:  returns the number of epoch for the epoch to be passed as string .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator raising a typeerror if theres not in it .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  queue view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  expects a node removing valid registration page .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  allow   node
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all data terms needed to their translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  init the mac address .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  init   linear
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random api hash of bytes_length .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send edit command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  file   file

test:  compile a class object .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return system controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  ping   parses
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability n nodes and redirection probability graph probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the given encoding and return a standard encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  to   metadata
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the protocols returned by the validation result .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  evaluates the autocorrelations of the zero power model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  evaluates   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parse a timestamp from the form api and return a timestamp object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  allows the network to specify a file and store it to specify a recordsensor region of the input source files that allows json format .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  block the versioned field of a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or grid .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a life for use on synchronisation section 9 .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  creates   spatial
truth:  construct   a

test:  given a list of words .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  check   containers
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  build out the arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   a
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a native content with fulfillment of user with fulfillment .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  create app .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  called   app
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a query object containing the given sqlalchemy model for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new user .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the number of bits in the number of number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   return
truth:  token   token

test:  returns dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and return a converted type type type type for option of type type type type type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the model class for this model .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  converts   payload

test:  converts a list of items to a list of their corresponding ip-address .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  given a string .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  given   search
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop the inverse of an lxml release / where all the files having a procfile release .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  null   return
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if the given patterns matches a 128-bit string .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return r1 multiple vowel-consonant table .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  default   get
truth:  is   null

test:  create cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   principal
truth:  create   principal

test:  pikn polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to decorator off a command or method as being executed .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string correlation control .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  for a token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   detail
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  run the text portion of a node variable .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  code   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and global state instance .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  resizes video output .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  resizes   video
truth:  merges   video

test:  install the ign signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  install   ctrl+c
truth:  null   initializer

test:  do not throw throw a metadata list of any asynchronously .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a fake sinh file name according to the cache .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  parse   devices

test:  given an authorization string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  null   name
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going to the line through the line left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that post post names .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   variant

test:  registers the countcount .
truth: helper function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the javascript is an html page string of all the javascript files in each page .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  join   print
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  helper function to get the current ip addresses .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the list of nodes x .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten a search table .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  rms   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if the header seems to be passed in it .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require a user for api methods .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom sql box for all the models to operate .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance of entity entity entity entity instead .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  return the currently selected status as list of vm status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  return   map
truth:  map   map

test:  return full benchmarks to a directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the functions modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the directory for the directories containing the wiki .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   unicode
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a string from the object using pickle idea .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  converts a node to a python dictionary .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert the permission object into a python type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  deactivate user write user from compression .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  take values from a document .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  to   roles
truth:  given   storage

test:  are we being asked to look like a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given timedelta as a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   return
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  options should be stopped .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  extract_array   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory for utc sync .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a set of objects which represent objects .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  create   user
truth:  set   set

test:  floor an instance of a file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  dump a storage instance of the given storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release release source strings .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines of 79 characters to a maximum line of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 unicode objects .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   try

test:  decorate a function where self is a no-op .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  decorate   unary_expression
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set an object delegating to the object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions available for the given versions .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of renderers for all renderers modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  translate a datastore key to a valid key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  list the specified provider .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as a tzinfo .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   sets
truth:  gets   null

test:  simple case of "ls .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  return a dictionary with data specific signature .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  list all sizes on the given provider cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  validate a number .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  expands   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of file names .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  notify module .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  module   connect
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function to sphinx a infer exception .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   program

test:  ensures that the filename is valid .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints the names and adds a given key .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  both the path and the first version for both imp .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  helper to check that indices are limited .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  to   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  return whether the obj looks like a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  inspect   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the named ckan or not .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  look   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in h but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove zero or more filesystem issues from cachedir .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local bottom-hat of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a enrollment enrollment of all enrollment only filter values .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  append   course

test:  test whether table table is correctly delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a regular expression .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup in zenoss .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  plot   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  given a recformat recformat .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  return summary summary name cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   a

test:  this is currently active in the background registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  to   null

test:  runs the designated tests with the given args .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the currently active url path .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return url-safe data from the base64 decoded data .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate a given spline .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  itself for the logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  uses   intersections
truth:  init   init

test:  skip test if digits_test_framework doesnt exists for test data .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  optionally decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find the node node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns child child of data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all group or a group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes string value from hex to utf-8 and return the corresponding unicode string .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  object   function
truth:  string   string

test:  add correlation of ar representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  convert a mime-type and :py:func:cmdmod to a user escaping escaping for proper permissions .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get information about the named media as a user object by name or language-dependent id .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  resolves   instance
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  return list of indices of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns user id .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a per byte hexadecimal representation .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  print   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  return the list of all available version in the directory .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  returns   returns

test:  :class:greenlet metric for incremented .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  adjusted   a
truth:  build   a

test:  sort a string that decrefs keys that has a slightly amount of items as begin with the given protocol string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find a tuple/list into a list of indices defined by indices .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  find   qubit
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   real
truth:  return   return

test:  configure access to python token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  access   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a list of arguments into a dictionary .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  read from the master and return the contents of the services .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group and group name .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx decode-url thunder:// .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   lx

test:  context manager for use image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  flattens   accepts
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  given an item .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  given   unpack
truth:  ensure   null

test:  first argument passed to rule .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  list   return
truth:  result   result

test:  returns schedule schedule .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  null   test
truth:  import   import

test:  check reports to view sending email when given email address .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  send   auto

test:  get all the keys from matcher .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  extracts   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  get the divmod for x and y .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the mount services cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  mount   replace
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  return the compensation browser of the given sequence .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  if the given creator is weekly to the creator .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  stats   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   return
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters of a list of parameters into one .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all coefficients in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download pip exit status code when blank file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  add only one or more geometric operator .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  time   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter as manipulate to use when one of the adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  index   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   set
truth:  creating   null

test:  helper function to properly use the normalization notation .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  socket   replaces
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  return the base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  return   base64
truth:  using   decoder

test:  check that all the email address in text list are available .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a memoize function .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  cache   url
truth:  is   null

test:  for page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   user
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho frequency distribution of the given 1-d where *x* is restricted in k[x] .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  null   vectors

test:  define case of init .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  try   function
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return installed alembic settings .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  general function of logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  function   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this is a little pattern .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  running   running

test:  get the standard alias name from the current encoding .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compose a package or child callables .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  given a api name or list of api properties .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  to   info
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a list of dictionaries by a key-value pair .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply server-side parameter_declaration .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  expand the 1-d array of data arguments .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like :func:dumps .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  returns a factory that just returns the indexing indexer which yields the dataset indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false if mpl is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  find valid name or raises local namespace name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  find   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  derivative of the coordinates with an array .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   model
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the given array .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  compare   a

test:  turns a parsed response into a route dict of response objects .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  fix   json
truth:  get   service

test:  convenience function to parse a date and return the default time object .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler for set and clear_property .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  files   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the maximum time zone names .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to determine the system redirect .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a collection of changes .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  sets a warning pair .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  enable   use
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when given object is smaller than one input .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  convenience function to parse a database from database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  function   testing
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes within the given log .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a sound list of three branches .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns path to the package of the given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates the truncate number of characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  function   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a user from the system .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  do   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the section and return them .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  sets the 'setxkbmap{ state for the specified layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  sets   change
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of directory names .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  try to get the flipwritable command from a list of flipwritable .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  to   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  modify quota level if dense library is being used .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet channel .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  run   cache
truth:  send   a

test:  list all the volumes of a volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  downloads an object from a s3 location .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  the variance of resolves values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the sandwich solution and variance columns of a .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   methods
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the login url required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the actual free buffer on invalid by running buffer .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal distribution parameters x : array_like the activation of the gaussian distribution or array_like .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images to filters - filters - filters - filters - filters - filters - filters a module - filters - filters - filters - filters is the number of two
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  create astroid for an astroid document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a tuple of all the state of the given snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  do   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  uploads   uploads
truth:  upload   a

test:  fake paulimatrices dict .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a askopenfilenames .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  validate key key key .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  validate   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  download a socket from the given address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  download   null
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the list of all none .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the list of plugins for the given service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  return true if we can sleep the package delay .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  return   version
truth:  read   read

test:  wraps a query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  have   null

test:  test with a comma .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns true when no optimized is given .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a service is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a file of a specified setting .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  index   up
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the linode model .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  update   version
truth:  return   version

test:  compute the color map .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  draws   null

test:  build a list of api calls .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  accepts   security
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge user threads and thread nodes by calling user .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  merge   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list pyenv versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to get a list of network queries .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   network

test:  calculate the shape into the supplied grid array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   k
truth:  create   a

test:  write to a dependencygrammar or a command .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a single key in the logging .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  close   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  find a class for working file name .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  function   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load new manager associated with a specified type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  determine if a header key starts with a user for given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   object
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to make a ['b' table .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  marking   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  validate and resolves the assist tarball is running .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  return   python

test:  takes a message of the inline token .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other magic to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses string into a list of tuples .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  string   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features are installed via git cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  if   list
truth:  to   null

test:  list all the files that belong to a list of available projects .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  list   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is inside a point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   matrices
truth:  if   null

test:  finds all the first item in the list for the desired task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a template name .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a standard definition dict from a list of fields .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  create   keys
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a receivers .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a copy of an array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that configuration is builds a truncated device .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read a similar handshake to daemonization .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  we have to show the documented aggregation .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  have   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return original character at primary key .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   python

test:  return the default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  formats the string argument into a single square .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  formats   replace
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  returns the global stack of the dataset .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  place   print
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dictionary value into dictionary d1 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  convert an compute link to a file of the given size and urls .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  compute   urls
truth:  given   a

test:  change the given string to an file: waits for inclusion in a string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete any timings records from the given time table .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  set logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  set   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  convert python tokens to ipython and registers them .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  is   setuptools
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  extracts or multi-line value from the first location of the possible string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  extracts   slashes
truth:  value   value

test:  read a type from entries' .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  code   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses namespaces and returns a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  imports   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  non-utf8 is a value which can be used to allow easy to overwrite the osx meta information .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  is   multiple
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme and namespaces .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of user directories for user purposes .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  we want to test with stabilization mu mu and scale .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of startup to disable normal boot .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by whitelisting - used by cms models gt .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut for a shortcut .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  join   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes the prefix from the beginning and end of the given url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns none if an auth has a valid passed backend .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  migrate   display
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compatibility wrapper for logging price -- puts .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  establish   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the average prediction is properly ignored .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a command about the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this script is used and figure out a django yaml file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  gets   fn
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to ensure the messageset is cleaned to assign a source file .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert all of the string in a python string into utf-8 links .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  fetches the comma separated override env .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   get

test:  do a mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  do   processing
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns mentions string of the given mentions .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  configure   checks
truth:  find   find

test:  basic exponential backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  join   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  list all the immediate data to be used as 3d coordinates .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  run   actions
truth:  finds   null

test:  test plot with a simple serie .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   line

test:  register a node on android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  register   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  l2 -> list converts the elements of iterable l2 .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  sent   items
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing all multi-line chars .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  cache   float
truth:  get   get

test:  return the content from a directory and version .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  find out windows version from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  is   get
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  searches a string for true if x has a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  searches   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  authenticate with an ssh .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check output of sun sun into one of the given package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  get a string for a new-style number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the config of floatx variable j of config floatx .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   cassandra
truth:  code   code

test:  generate a csv for a course and upload the html generated to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  proctored   pil
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  apply partitions and set of letters containing those that re .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  to   add

test:  takes the disk of the given instance on 100 .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  index   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes a pipeline and fix the given arguments .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   null

test:  document a document of type change .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  document   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the contents of a file without importing the open file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  if this response has the tornado .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  boolean   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  recursively sort source indicating the walker node is sorted_children .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  return   errors
truth:  patches   patches

test:  build a review summary and e-mail e-mail .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  build   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test the number of estimator .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  test   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for the given cls on the integrals .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  initialize a new gentoo type .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validates the response to process .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the x log likelihood of an image .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine whether the given key should be an existing public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypts   text
truth:  text   text

test:  fix python interpreter should be installed .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  providing   a
truth:  test   test

test:  user index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  owned   user
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true if the given user has write access to the permission state of the given user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic and false otherwise .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the existence of mtime is mtime .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the current backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the flocker task for flocker system .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit to pass optional arguments to pass to pass to pass to pass
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  if there are any items in the same direction .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a thumbnail with the specified width in thumbnail .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  create   val
truth:  make   a

test:  image should lambdas .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  is   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function is used to track the environment variable and the version .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  function   os
truth:  null   plugins

test:  determine if the specified kernel module is available for the app .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update the user info of the user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  update   add
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use comment spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  enable state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns list of results from a docker results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   get

test:  main root login to attach page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   root
truth:  null   page

test:  the basic category uses the review request .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the provided filename is a unittest test .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  takes the hash of the anchor object and returns a string containing the anchor cache which has the anchor cache .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  check   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  a sequence of stuff .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  escape a string to json .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given graph node is a u'iterables' graph in the given interface .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compound : return_stmt newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  this function will sign score that the response is retrieved in the response to the given backend .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  exception   start
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the monitor that correspond to the given mime-type .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  yield successive n-sized .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a base64 encoded certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   certificate
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  returns a list of locale arrays .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  given   null

test:  get the most recent plugins that have a given plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  elementwise   sigmoid
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set up a path for folder .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  mutes   null
truth:  set   set

test:  remove the linux system .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm flavor rules .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return virtual name of the module .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of their foreign template the data in the given series for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible service is available on windows server .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid conflict between whitespace .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  avoid   null

test:  warning: the points of the given center .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  evaluate   x
truth:  return   return

test:  test that exceptions .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   use
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to port lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generator function objects as dictionaries with labels and set it as contact objects as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects as dictionaries and set of relevant objects as
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if riak is found .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  mark a test as deprecated for a module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  mark   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  checks to see if a url given a url and password credentials are not specified .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  return the same code as a list of strings .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  to   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  recursively set a plain-text repository upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  execute   upgrade
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file from a specified form a specified form cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  trims a query .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  named   add

test:  send email using recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   send
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an iterable of all truncating .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  return the notice version from a dotted image name or a recursively .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  load the firewall records from a dataframe and return a deferred .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  load   verifies
truth:  download   download

test:  does the given node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  does   null

test:  remove global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  remove   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique elements from the coroutine .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   line
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if we are a update with this flags .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  include a pipe .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  include   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  display   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command passed with the given modules and execute the command passed in the python interpreter .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  load   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compute the primitive newton function of a primitive examples .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   coefficient
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the widget to use for a widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  runs   unpack
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  compute the difference between two generally in a series of integers .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  plot information about best opensslcertificateoptions .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  plot   alias
truth:  to   null

test:  make sure that a numpy column can be added to a different column side .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  this is an iterator which checks credentials of checking if its possible argument passed to it is a string .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  is   iterable
truth:  if   test

test:  the sysctl attribute string .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   os
truth:  null   null

test:  convert logits to single concatenated tensor .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   ldap
truth:  pads   null

test:  code to a single choice console .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  code   print
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a gcode is none .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a function .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the desired akismet property in user .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  signs   user
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return temporary to a table .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  uses   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert os .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  filter the sequence of changesets within a collection of steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether a particular app is currently running .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named launch queue exists .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes an statement and calls it with the same name .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  provide   update
truth:  generates   a

test:  this is a utility that uses the last column serialization .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  test a string on a list of strings .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  verify   asserts
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all the closed cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  work   work

test:  returns the list of cookies to render the referer web page .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition into a list of inline options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an email this interface is intended to be a direct replacement for smtplib .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the targets from the firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  force a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  force   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; specific resource .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url to the deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an appropriate string from an ordered string or subclass .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant check or filename and return it if one already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  finds an object by uuid or id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  finds   update
truth:  convert   convert

test:  send a single drop .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  uses the network returns a network group : a start of the network to use a invalidated returns a list of the network .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  register a named help from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  returns a pull resource from resource type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively remove the directory of a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the test suite .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  test   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  creates frappe and serves to your blogs .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  content   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  halt the running system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  remove a delete request .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  send   a

test:  checks if the given object is a valid python identifier .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns the shortcuts using http shortcuts into a single payment .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  adapt   redirects
truth:  return   return

test:  provide the list of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  provide   number
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse publisher driver and return it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  parse   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  return true if g is intersection of the known result .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the most signed tab string via the model .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers for this location .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return true if users are following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   following
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function took .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a gpg file into a gpg cluster .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get attributes on a stack .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  receives an existing user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  replaces   notify
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get the request for the named key .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  do   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the given string .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  unreserve a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turns from list of potential whitespace into a single space .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  turns   host
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  award: parameters should work to set the same log file .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  null   run
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of seqs returns: custom-tools proportions .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return pillar data and status .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  clear   null

test:  test that we can save its acl after cloud time .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  test   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a propositional .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  return a generator that matches the path in the given directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return mounted device regarding os .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  modify   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a configuration directory for the provided path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  git program .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  middleware   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   geometry
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the notifications of a given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  load module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to skip the example test cases that require a due due to the output of the hdus .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the default retryparams type .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  get   current

test:  this is an re which matches any given setters in the string note it .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  socket   check
truth:  =   =

test:  compute the authorized sum of subtitle statistics .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of attributes from the provided object .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  return   list
truth:  convert   convert

test:  runs flask dev context .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  attribute   flask
truth:  run   run

test:  execute history history .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  error   exit
truth:  display   display

test:  compute grade values using the grade .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   ndarray
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a tuple .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get path from local lights file .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   check
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete qme qme .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   validates
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 ways of specifying a small small precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a wrapper around func .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper which can be used as 'useos .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an version string for subprocess .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  determines   try
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user group in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either wait or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   null

test:  turns a ways .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a --init; .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a python process that runs it with some arguments .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  create   run
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update the latest repo cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  if   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  some pure python conversion function .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a virtual ips from the vif table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   find
truth:  fixed   get

test:  break a new openssl type and returns a list of classes .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a database tables to use in the current database .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure that all provided bears exist in the provided target .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will share the proxy type from the current request/thread .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  share   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep goto from .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove paths to adjust root set .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   shortcut
truth:  returns   paths

test:  runs the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  runs   commands
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new dict with keys of the current type being translated by removing keyword arguments and records .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  creates   copies
truth:  makes   a

test:  replace the url path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  get   get

test:  direct a direct client by performing a user .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  list   copy
truth:  create   a

test:  always return true for the value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  network network fields for resource usage fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  builds our variables as in the given expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   strips
truth:  start   start

test:  return the current closest codes to the given closest .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a migration instance by id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a random column of dask .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  remove all keys from prefix and return the given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces space character codes with a random payload notes: * useful to bypass the end of the payload requirement: * mysql the payload * useful to bypass several web application
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  temporarily remove pickle file .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  runs the request .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  runs   start
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  creates an empty file that is initialized in the post process .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sitemap the sitemap extension .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  point   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests if user has been changed for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  if   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cumulative density function that plots density .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the decorrelation decorrelation dot product of the given vector .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  creates a list of the given matrix from a given list of empty matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits the push event for a course usage when this resource fails for timestamp .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   print
truth:  emit   events

test:  regression test for url .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  verify   null

test:  set pixel style in the given triple .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to open as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  test for a problem to the database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function for the data stored .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return the module for the given module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert string into a space or construct a packed integer .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a list of python code and returns a list of name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the expression for all an expression examples .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats an email url for a user address .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  formats   url
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function to return a string if the first word in an object it starts with the following line .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a ftp or ftp 'ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  expression : a positive expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  interfaces   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the text string to a text file object .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert text to hex escape characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a set of args using the arguments gradient of args .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   activation
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set the public key for this secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check whether we can query buckets to check for a given secret .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test own yaml cookies for a regression on a specific tensor .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return request data for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if the decimal is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a loader api function .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  turn a list of dictionaries into a single iterable where the image is valid @rtype: bool and the last value is well be cleaned .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split the given path into a valid path and return a valid path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  do   path
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return inode information about volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  return   a

test:  force evoked data kind of an baseline .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  evoked   update
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check a module if depend not builtin .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  value   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a function that takes a device and returns an instance of the specified function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check whether a sympy expression is already opened .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  mock   return
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a role users counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  executed .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  if   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a string to make comparing in a return an instance .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode data from base64 data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  string   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate an open analyze file from a temporary directory .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html html text with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a date from year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   day

test:  returns the string value for each node in iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  apply the text endpoints for the given company .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  apply   input
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service command line section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   location
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches form b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the movie position associated with the media player .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  sets   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a == b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_assets index page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs code in the given module will copy all modules in the given module namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  code   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode a crypto input and a possibly decoded .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  create user cart with not found to this user .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  create   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  if   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  determine the default id for the current process .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   return

test:  html-escape classes passed in its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  failsave   null
truth:  null   representation

test:  remove events extra whitespace from a text .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  return a reference to a new entry .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  return   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the system output is present in the git archive .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  download   list
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the boolean span just a given int .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that takes a single args and returns a path .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  deprecated in twisted and packet .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  deprecated   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to pick the points according to the m2m state .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  null   find
truth:  given   null

test:  parse the metadata header into an http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a callable string and return a dict of the parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the value as bytes from wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts a entry from a list of key/value pairs .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   strips
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   error
truth:  squared   mean

test:  return the point of an input variable .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  filtered   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate a timezone of display entries from the url as published in the given url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  generate   parses
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a list or columns of pelican array like columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  host   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type for the given .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base xdgdir directory where ipython is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get default price list for given doc and list of cart .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  default   checkstyle
truth:  set   price

test:  return the cloud automation to use .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the given text is already active the same html .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  form   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that exceptions are not invalid .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  test   config
truth:  config   config

test:  return a dict mapping a specific volume name .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  return   find
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a range of sample data .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   content
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm alarm control panel .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted role role by its name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  login all enabled user interface .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of job names .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  install test data as a standard python module with grubby .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  require   returns
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis label .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check the query for the same if the path does not exist .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  check   html
truth:  if   checks

test:  list available added for the selected remote host cli example: .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  list   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast compile functions .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts connection manager into a manual state: .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  puts   null

test:  a helper function to format the contents of a line in a string format .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  return iterator over all lines of the given shell and stderr .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  null   file
truth:  command   command

test:  test even when the numpy version of arrays are always work .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  preface the stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test #3160 information .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  disable standard root report .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert [[[ to a string with stripping names .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  interfaces   print
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should correctly extract steps from step steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a package on the container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: humbug publish humbug sets the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse command plugin <blame+upstream+committers+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric of theta of the &nbsp; of theta taken - theta in (0 a function which can be the number of the header .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the list of queryset in resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   query
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a table of available prefix[i] + .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove the output from the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update a user if user is email .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of file descriptors in filename .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group to the group id if it was specified .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  turns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string representing the maskdef clip for a clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  predicate that returns the path from the sheets .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  predicate   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  reports a value from the parameter and returns a boolean indicating that it can be used with a cache .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  reports   evaluation
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return a list of valid keyname cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get absolute path containing absolute to json file .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant/user .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   function
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  the clickable version of check_output .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  send email to new user .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   user
truth:  given   a

test:  make a set of normalized solution into normalized parts .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  elemwise{sub} single generator .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  decides   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a file is actually handle to a log file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  if   create
truth:  write   test

test:  test the datasets .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find unread in a source object for few messages .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   find
truth:  given   a

test:  restore a ami['instance-id']ec value of a given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  searches   node
truth:  null   nodes

test:  execute command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  command   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the arguments is an arguments it is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts and the hosts to the specified datacenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the directory that the __init__ image can be returned by n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  yield a generator object from a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  function to convert to dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  function   dict
truth:  left   null

test:  yield file object given a string .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display an argument list of strings containing one line .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get code for the given module in the given module note that the executed will the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  code   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  updates the latest time table .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  verifies   class
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of account based on the system .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  return   send
truth:  check   check

test:  show the c extension of the current repository .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  show   scipy
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ldflagsreturn to theano .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   thrift
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose a two gaussian weights and returns a single stream .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant entry from db .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new empty string .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   array
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read all regions named instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  read   get
truth:  report   report

test:  create a new package in this package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  set   up

test:  return a bytes_to_long representation .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non symmetric input .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a string representation of an absolute attribute array .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a copy of the given value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  turns   user
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb session .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd and set it as cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get list of all classes currently active loggers .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the possible hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   system
truth:  find   torrent

test:  return directory to be empty for resource .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  files   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  function for latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get an pci file by name .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones[zone zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   update
truth:  list   everything

test:  sets the image in a given form function .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  work out the grains from the config file .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  work   like
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a function and runs function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  accepts   set
truth:  null   options

test:  get the largest module .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename can be read from a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   check
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  same as twisted .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of undefined environment variables .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  represent the dictionary into a single yaml mapping .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns maximum distance between wordnet and the wordnet system .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the epoch time zone as a scalar .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  read a configuration policy config file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to make the partition device exists cli example: .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  utility function to unsubscribe an engine plugin handler .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  function   plugin
truth:  config   handler

test:  waits for the current transaction to be committed for changes .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  enable   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  take a series of strings where each variable is stored in printable .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to get controller_key from the specified instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  get the user id if found .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the u'exact'elif where none is the result in the given string .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal the middle dimension of a 3d tensor so that the input variable with the output input data .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   network
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test version comparison is properly formatted string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  join   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the trimmed shape for an undirected graph .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email address .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return the widget settings .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  add   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  mark a task as a single task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  mark   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a parallel or partial implementation .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  load   failure
truth:  error   error

test:  evaluate c*x**i to f in k[x] of f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent an email with "pandas" .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  input   i
truth:  null   i

test:  generate oauth key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  generate   checks
truth:  look   up

test:  verify path to a conda {% favicon_path .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns the cumulative line number of the file currently read the last line .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a string in c form to initial number of bytes from a list of structs .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  build a json likely to a tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   import
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  return   update
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  reads or create images from specific" the files .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  reads   header
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list field and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  convert   callable
truth:  null   calculation

test:  task the memcached profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  fix   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  function   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  context manager to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django to load a particular django application .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   packages
truth:  selects   a

test:  given a library and a .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a process already exists in the given pid was created .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  exception   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the name of the current thread .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a collection rights names .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  parse the daily contributions for the contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  to   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the bytearray value of the frame along a given string .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   parts

test:  given a filename value .
truth: open a file . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a loop is inside another loop in the other loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a single package or a systemd group if present .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  fix   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a decorator: view when creating an issue that also uses the test .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  handle value .
truth: print line . 
test:  value   value
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the value is valid and has a new group groups .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   shorthand
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a string of pages to an iterable of ascii values .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   graph6
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the url from a url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of versions of the state file .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a string containing one number of bytes .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   populate
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of sensitive data .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  order   order

test:  disable vim .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   whitespace
truth:  changes   changes

test:  filters a string or dictionary thereof .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  filters   returns
truth:  template   template

test:  remove all http connections from the given list of connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  remove   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return true if the user has mne membership .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check for the existence of a file on the compute document .
truth: log os . 
test:  check   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function globals a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively converts dictionary keys in dictionary to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  shortcut for a user .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   print
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary loss for most binary fields .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prepare the ip for the specified method .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  makes   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a timedelta object to an seconds number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  if x is insensitive .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  move   change
truth:  null   null

test:  enable or disable the image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  enable   entries
truth:  change   change

test:  the
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  raise   version
truth:  null   a

test:  check if value is more than or at the same section name .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  reads   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  try to get the probe definition from the memcache definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  to   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  given a string .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open a file containing the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   routine
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the default app to use for the default app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this undo is a bug that takes two consecutive editable .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  converts   v

test:  use this to set default value for this config .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  test   dictionary
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests if the user is not specified .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  runs   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  save the draft for the given draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  save   values
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  print all old queries for the given query .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   logger
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a nested response object into a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  creaters a 32-bit int .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  pops   add
truth:  convert   convert

test:  the start and numbers of the file .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance function of square matrix to compute proposals .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  create   create

test:  build a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the reader to insert data to a file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  return   length
truth:  function   function

test:  return the primary depth of a reference to .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the tool has a database that matches the stormpath module .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the given repo as a remote repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  run other half of the of the test suite .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   xml
truth:  run   flake8

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block device to attach attributes to the new instance name of the server to attach cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  attach   a

test:  a secure decorator for alternative packets .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  view   mock
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse secant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return a sorted status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for an targets that is an targets of targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  search   search

test:  now this test case returns none .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  a simple helper to return true if all of the db .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  null   task
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if arg is an xblock has a response .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper method to create a meant config object metadata on windows .
truth: given a server . 
test:  base   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an moref structure limit on the given monomial network order .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  test that the attributes of an existing table is created correctly .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  safely remove python object from a string json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  remove   data
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display all interactive and parser .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  display   list
truth:  starts   null

test:  list the keys of the specified policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates required by the task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  format the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  format   runs
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  post   a

test:  return a cohort for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   cohort
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a yaml device specified by the given name .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  set   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes json object until you can make an json-compatible representation .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail layer containing all the found in the remote backend .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   use
truth:  create   a

test:  when the condition is omitted .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  wait   default
truth:  ensures   null

test:  create the fnclex base library containing the llvm llvm header .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  initializes   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  parses tag that strips into list of tags .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the degrees of the named augeas .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  returns   errors
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an instance of a class instance that can be used to make it will not be used to avoid sharing the directory will be used to perform an s3
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random rseed dataset .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default urlconf to use for the given patterns .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of ports by the specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the value of a jobconf variable from the database .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  docstring   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  take the path to a package name containing all files stored in the directory tree .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  archive   sources

test:  get color color as color string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  color   hex
truth:  get   a

test:  get and configure a number of logging in the redactionpolicy .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans up database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a string or unicode to a native string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   bytes
truth:  to   convert

test:  sort a != key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the current patterns is actually a list of patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the config directory and options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  set   files
truth:  move   move

test:  read and return the options .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  starts   generate
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid history or if the history is loaded .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the single cohort for the given course .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if release_id and the given time has been created .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  if   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a raw subscription path to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  remove any unnecessary auth character body from the normalize response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting type .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   count
truth:  count   count

test:  looks for querying layer .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  place   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of a binary function .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  sets the given expression structure as defined in the twitter aws modules to be converted .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  substitute   null

test:  return a generator that yields a sequence of statements .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  require the test if a permission has a *attributes in the same thread .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  require   inverse
truth:  decorated   null

test:  update rev: differential equation links .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  migrate   function
truth:  prepare   null

test:  returns a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  displays whether the current time zone is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the current time zone address is valid .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  create a node tag .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a room .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  turn a string like a copy of a given string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  builds a physical file .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  formats a time zone as a tzinfo .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  formats   datetime
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all available networks cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if inside an infinite range .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  returns   markdown
truth:  test   test

test:  removes scene exceptions for all scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  scans   metadata
truth:  given   a

test:  reads all errors from the given filename and returns an iterator of lines .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  restful crud s3 .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  patch   export
truth:  create   create

test:  quaternion the logging to the appropriate value of the entire server .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  write   a

test:  replaces or remove a table from a given type .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  replace   solve
truth:  solve   real

test:  the rest table for person - a person - used by training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  sort any [elementwise] axis for a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script add or override environment variables to the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   gradle
truth:  null   stash

test:  return review related to request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  a normal site site to the current site with the given name .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  fetch   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a repository structure describing a repository on the tool shed side .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten the nested iterators of a sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return cmdreturn or the [uuid|alias|hostname] configuration cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   cluster
truth:  return   system

test:  create the default groups for the database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  context   fixture
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a random random number based on a random number of time field .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates an application for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test the beginning of a url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  a unique field is considered to be considered .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds the shared bus spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  no initialization should provide the tuples:: plus feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   none
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all commands from the given node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall app from sites installed-apps server .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  establish   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the standard error of axis until the input array is given .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path from slashes that matches the given slashes .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  return   prefix
truth:  removes   everything

test:  looks up the string to recover the given list of data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  given   null

test:  loads or passes the resized if available .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  loads   image
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with given serie .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the root rows for ids in the data .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  update   update

test:  run a remote repositories .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  fetch   layer
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a error is used to a specific code of the file .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   stat
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  wrapper to retrieve the csp response from a csp command .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  create and factory for the factory method as global writeme .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find and return directory for a given filename .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  find   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  list all available upgrade or step of a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  factory for a tuple of accounts .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily change the given dirname to the console .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  prepare   redirect
truth:  context   manager

test:  make sure the only a member is a different difference between -1 and the result of the first one .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a whitelist and has a whitelist .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  pass in a string through perf_counter_counter .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  retrieve all packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  is   null
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  have   null

test:  get the config file location .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the skeleton of executing the expression expansion .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  memoize   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper for creating a tab tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html matches the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  return   version
truth:  if   check

test:  validate a mongoreplicasetclient pack pack .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add new return the result to the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   attribute
truth:  add   a

test:  create a temporary file with the given name and then create it in to given content headers .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send u'weinsertintotable' into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  s   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  return a list of all async_scan_devices sql table .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat -> xml take - the arguments passed to func .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the given student time from the given student .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  ignores   a
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns a height made of a given parent and height .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  return   return

test:  return the reserved .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates an place of installation folders and returns a single live object .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  install   install

test:  creates a new soap call for soap approach .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format an object into a complete bytes response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert state to the file .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  url works as dictionaries .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a json string .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  if   a

test:  gets value as json for a field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  value   json
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the cli returned by the command execution .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  given a list of class and a dictionary of model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   back

test:  setup the logging of _inherit .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   request
truth:  helps   null

test:  validates limit of given site .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  test adding an empty distribution .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a unicode string into utf-8 iterable representing utf-8 bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  convert   email
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  write paths to the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   find
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   mocks
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  connect to a new collection notification method to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  utility method to put the stonith_id of all config_gen and sphinx-gallery are generated .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator to specify that the call is not loaded via allowed .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add arguments to determine package for this script .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assign a private key to a pem .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  assign   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a double frequency array for the maximum memory that it is an empty frequency .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete user accounts cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the host config from host or none .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  a decorator for the submissions of the function y .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return dictionary of resource exceptions .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to add an api method to a specified method .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  perform t-test function of matrices: by overriding parameters eps : ndarray the debian standard deviations a log interval .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  perform   messages
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if we in lockf .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  used by the weighted model .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  used   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  run the action on the target in the target .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  configure   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  add patches for use in noise .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and return the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   hiera
truth:  execute   null

test:  parses the argument names .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  parses   entry
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a matching string from a list of integers .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  turns any object into a dict object model .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  entries of the onionshare flag for the given server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  internal helper to create an iterable of lists containing duplicates .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  yield   batches

test:  return tax amount of given iterable amount of iterable amount .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  append   sums
truth:  added   stack

test:  generate a dictionary of the given file and version of the file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  are   update
truth:  walk   null

test:  create a compiled code with kwonlyarg .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  removes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the interrupt regions received .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates searchindexingerrorforlibrary%s-%s' index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   time
truth:  updates   course

test:  turn a function into a single lowercase .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  collect   code
truth:  compute   compute

test:  splits the module tree tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  pass   return
truth:  build   build

test:  return task id for the task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before a user will start in a default way .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an exception when given a sigmoid matrix .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get simplified loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  a helper function .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function takes the user identifier and fetch relevant user object as string .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   user
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a value representing the supplied value .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  value   null
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns all edges of graph containing s .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator that list of all factorpows of the given number of nodes .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns random string from random chars .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  deletes   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor and their name .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   test

test:  these gen to raise an exception under all predicted and tenant_id .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an create a new routing date for this module .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return dict of metrics for node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  basic configuration and fix the opengl configuration to fix .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   a
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for use with the linode library .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere bem model on strs .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return what type information for a given set of open .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  basic or indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  to   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset metadata for all classes .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  tests the correct list of instances of instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  tests   set
truth:  split   split

test:  tests that the creation directory are marked as bad .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the list of service names from a filter distribution .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  copy plain target from a string .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a handle from a handle containing a genepop file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin allows you to define a game project that persistent .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an endpoint from the desired endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expand a list of bson into a complex matrix .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  expand   build
truth:  return   a

test:  runs one or more module if it currently installed .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that asserting can be applied when no delimiter file .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with this quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the estimated value of the specified input array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  check random data .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  modified legendre bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  function that sends the password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  reset   reset

test:  basic background algorithm to prepare arrays of the given background array of shape under the given channels .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  display a committing class .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  null   python

test:  create a dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a gateway .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   function
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check the specified database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  display a custom page .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  display   default
truth:  picks   picks

test:  one iteration to another character name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  make json representation of json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the randomsymbols probability space of expr and if any signal is specified .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers for the css mainloop .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  create a topic and resets its run_pytest .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  given the partition system on partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  given   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute the log moments moments to be used in log .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   log
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  decorrelation fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  given a list of module matches .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  try   try

test:  convert the average needs to the new eeg eeg reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   units
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline pipeline from the given key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of the output from output and output .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   json

test:  same as a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  return a list of installed sensor sensor sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   download
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a url to a gopher url for a url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists all the projects we created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   query
truth:  to   query

test:  return the current set covering the degrees over over the given request .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  return   differences
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   price
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a missing table and return a specified table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  deletes   decorator
truth:  decorates   column

test:  get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set get/set .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  return   return

test:  test hosts and its remaining_regions .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of users that are considered within the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a message of message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  print   warning
truth:  prints   a

test:  a function to remove an removingdatafrom{ directory containing data files available for subprocess .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to view calls to return microsite .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  display   display

test:  resolves absolute path name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the provided value is a string .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given python version .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  return   python

test:  return the value of the package that belong to .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the scaling of the current axis .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns image information for given project .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes from course course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  finds   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to hit volume label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  preprocesses a new arguments from a file .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  time   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract integer body from aqua .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   errors
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the most appropriate rotation angle from a human readable format .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a unicode string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return an object or a master tuple .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return true if *obj* is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  are   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an type .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  get hook name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find page link to page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   failure
truth:  null   null

test:  save the current filter to be saved .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  checks if path is a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for a particular user language and triggers the current user .
truth: update request . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieves the option option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if policy canvas to resulting resulting if the action has not met .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do an openid post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the specified instance .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   x
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a consumer containing the backend sale .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  performs raw circle circle circle .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  the url to preserve this ec2 instance that is used internally to preserve this framework .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a c string representing a string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  make   a

test:  install python version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  create   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  test irreducibility .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   element
truth:  returns   np

test:  returns as string in usec .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  compute   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces file with boundary sign .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  file   scipy
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the actual batch for the specified input .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute an descent sockaddr_in6 .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  build a dummy voltage object by 007 .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  ensure ast compile with ast in .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  gets all the variables in a given expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  saves a file to a writer in the original file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  saves   string
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  we can base' the schema .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  validates   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the line number of nonelog .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  return   actions
truth:  locate   null

test:  return domain .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  format   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  store content of a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  content   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  try to find and pyzmq map_type .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  to   i
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get triangle mesh from a complex mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute pyenv for pyenv the file or the list of pyenv packages cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  makes   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  turns the given coordinate list to a mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine two elements .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  transforms authentication or vd for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  source   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a file or sequence of snippets .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  since our event on a watch machine .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  widget   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run entry_points post to run a single post .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a command line report for any of the given error .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  build   documentation
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns static files containing absolute and cache instance .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that calls the specified function .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  ax^2 to debconf vdobject if liveness is available and can refer refer available .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  to   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  are rfc1123 .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  sets   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the best keys .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time of the future .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  format   format

test:  create the drop topic details .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   agent

test:  copy the specified migration .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  null   module
truth:  import   a

test:  return the region of the system vectors whose 1 are properly stored in the matrixsvg of the item already exists .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string containing the user signing for the user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  insert sequential rule into rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  extended   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a list of all permissions to a string of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current device names to use for the current thread .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove an fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test the list of enumerate evaluation .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  retry   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  expect the given message to make sure the log was used correctly .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  expect   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  quit application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  exception   application
truth:  null   one

test:  user wants to the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  wants   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  calculate the k['coeff sens .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  calculate   stores
truth:  check   check

test:  return dict of anchors reports and anchors reports .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a child node which covers the given trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the id as a dict .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  returns a absolute path with a path of a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the contents of the global search .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a /bin/sh model for both given vif and set it .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  generates   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a string representing the sorted ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  to search the exception of a given system .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  updates zen .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  null   users
truth:  loads   unit

test:  initialize xdg directory and config files .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  default   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  internal helper to convert github version to a display version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of sum where elements of given pdb a dictionary is the first value of the elements of the given pdb .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram transform compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test getting environ['tmpdir'] test .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  null   end
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the the the the current request policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders an alert if the recent actions has any active actions .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a str literal as invalid syntax .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path from the given sqlite .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  listen for fn .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   os
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  add   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model and return a tuple of predictions .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the added plugins on a site .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  receive if the process with given pid & if the pid has been running on the process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  socket   return
truth:  use   use

test:  return the hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the offsets in a list .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  attempt to parse fields on an instance .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  raises   limit
truth:  perform   null

test:  span string value .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the double value of the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a profiles function .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  adapt to return a new datetime object for target .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  to   python
truth:  reports   reports

test:  mask a mask to match a quoted .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by the last line .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  update the component component of the given problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  update   function
truth:  edits   null

test:  this is a convenience function to apply correctness of the registry .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   a

test:  yield all the given reader files from the given csv file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  migrate the database version of the most recent database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  is   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the requests of a file in the same directory as the currently running theme on the master .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns information on a container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test common prefix for certain include directory .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  to   function
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of urls :returns: list of urls of each interface .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new task that uses precedence for sha-256 calls .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  parse   program
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  return the mac address of x and strong .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  build and return options object .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  this creates a list of stuff from a collection of inputs which turns the dynamic files should be a list of collection geographic the dynamic list of collection .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  determine the schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  determine   counts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  opens the given player .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  opens   up
truth:  prepares   a

test:  fix mdata-put yet appear in the python .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  force the given child node and the given target .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test case is met .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  set the old module of old and return a boolean .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  set   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  handle form for the httpserver .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  looks up the given python implementation descriptor .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  looks   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the name of a role .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  verifies we dont have a string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  unicode   indentation
truth:  normalize   a

test:  if debug filter inheritance inheritance option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  host   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  attempts to set the cgl page .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  to   sync
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: return true if the value given the sample given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  attr_gt   i
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a javascript string representation of assets .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  run   format
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove all the modulo matched files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load data from test report .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   update
truth:  preload   a

test:  check if a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  yield   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the path to the given package .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check for the flag .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  check   null
truth:  -   -

test:  enable the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  enable   debug
truth:  set   set

test:  return the image for a container .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   a

test:  a string of str .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches a label for an object by pub/sub the log folder .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetches   configure
truth:  logs   logs

test:  detect mainloop where the given node is relative to the tree .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a type or a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  given   code
truth:  null   a

test:  strategic pretty-printing .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  creates   iterable
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check whether a user has access to the given profile .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a dataframe by replacing multiple size parameters oddly pandas .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this function returns the default header that standard header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of whitelist for a whitelist .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  all the first node found in the document as supported matrices are returned from all the role_permissions .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  check   return
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  gets a dictionary of database errors from a votable table metadata file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  translates   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prepare the image of a given image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im to im .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return a list of cloud provider name for this hyper .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace users with a string for logging .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of unique items .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the same way does not exist .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  concatenate   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  list members that are available as a user .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  replaces   members

test:  return the number of order derivative of a dag .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  order   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  initializing a blocks .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert unicode to unicode or bytes .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  unicode   python
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a list of available version of the provided version .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  watchdog of args .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this count of the ns for the ns corresponding to the ns for the given id .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  append a list of instances to the given sequence of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  append   test
truth:  return   return

test:  return links to the passed html document with the passed attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiate orphan .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the string of a configuration value .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  force_lists a human readable unit test .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install dependencies and eeg mappings for an application .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a given certificate from a file .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  the same protocol as nav_extender .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  evaluate the string to the current expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  unread   messages
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  sets a alarm logs .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  method to remove the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  make a value of salt in the known opts .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a page and response .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  index   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  trim the function used to compute the right flag .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  using   null

test:  this function parses json from json or raise exception .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  render   render

test:  return a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the url to the given url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  return   page
truth:  url   url

test:  imports specified project given its name and the django python path .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  new version of _thread .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   host
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service via a domain .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary task with the given course code .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test daemon stim stim port .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   method
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the entire phrase containing the head token and end .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the <line> mean of a sequence of arguments .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  elementwise   sequence
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  return lowercased string .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the primary key in which the completion should be inserted like:: assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file from the s3 location to this object .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get the current time .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   time
truth:  return   unix

test:  register a new engine policy based on the yaml .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   add
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve vms information for all primary key this environment .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   attempts
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a resource by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator that can be used to mark a function as parameter to the response .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  shortcut   dummy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  move the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  move   shorthand
truth:  get   get

test:  check the given api binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for a periodic .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   sequences
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to temporarily reset the alarm until the signals are found .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  open   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a [sequence] empty string into the specified file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  combine a value by its value .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  is   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the type string corresponding to the request .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test creating via its parents .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  obtain existance and __init__ to put files .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set environment variable name for the current environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  set   invoke
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources at the end of a single organization .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get fully select info of proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based systems .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the given elasticsearch module is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates as 73 has appears to normalized bits .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with a given number of n .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of existing value assigned to a given dictionary .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate the signal type .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   remove
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the current sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports the combined login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   handle
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the volume cut given a directed graph .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decodes a base64 chunksizeb chunksizeb chunks .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  decodes   xml
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate the correlation matrix for nodes parameters factors : int the upper column returns 1 : float series of correlation filter .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  calculate   shuffles
truth:  project   a

test:  delete the given tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  classify   drop
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of all available compiler classes on the minion .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  transform a given cluster to a list of nested connections .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  transform   generate
truth:  to   convert

test:  creates a default weight for weights or bias of a initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  resets row with a mode .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a information about the message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial the parameters of prime s where f is the bermudez of prime .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  computes   number
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensures that the specified ruby is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a resource provider using microversion .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a product to the locale for the locale with a given locale .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  create an :class: .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  create   work
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all options from the local options .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  change   options
truth:  clear   null

test:  return true if derivative dont contain von .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string in the 1d way to b .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  create   split
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the lowest kernel x as vectors in x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the size as a string .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  this page is for nzb .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  serve   null

test:  return the list of all the filenames for the specified file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all available ids .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a list of the given expression and consts .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  the main function to generate the script for all the scripts or a script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   target
truth:  return   return

test:  version list to string .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  settings   configuration
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks up the token value for the given request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  context   processor

test:  attempt to execute the given path of a terminal file of a given changeset .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  to   commands
truth:  call   call

test:  return a full user user user user user user user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a list of reserved for some reserved units .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file is available .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  a exit error to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   warning
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given function node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that an arbitrary source of a default filter is not a default .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  resizes   default
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a new empty entropy for each row in a model .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log http event page with http event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  reset   ip
truth:  log   events

test:  open a file .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of new-style class classes .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group a list of all the given array .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  turns   list
truth:  null   elements

test:  parse a template string for rendering .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get user input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  getting   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  do a channel of filter starting with symbols of the size .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  do   a
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals group of the selected positions .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display an api response .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  display   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for mathjax on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  render   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove a activities from the feed or is not yet used in tasks .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   run
truth:  requires   requires

test:  generate validation statistics of n graph .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  return   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  get the network device .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  to   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of errors into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  does an invalid snmp and rights .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  does   converts
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse an xml file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read a clean table from its streaming table .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  initialize   =
truth:  parses   a

test:  for probability .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a dataset in this given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  craetes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create the given sudo dict from disk .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a pack data to a string of the pack data .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return version string version of cpus .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   *
truth:  return   tshark

test:  return the succefully set of the api installed in an unknown output .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the snapshot for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items directory .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate a filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take an array along an axis of arrays .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  selected   s
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return a list of files .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of tenant_id class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  given   output
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of roles for a group or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  calls url .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  build   up

test:  return image information via s6 .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   import

test:  perform a message into an status .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  like   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured context .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  error to make sure we fail if the individual value cannot use the place of a single graph .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   set
truth:  test   test

test:  send an event script to the given help page .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  sends   notification
truth:  null   factory

test:  test with respect to a set .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  callback for calling the options .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate chosen duration for all requests .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generate   waits
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not installed .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  transform images from baseline to a dummy image .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  transform   shift
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a simple view to the given response code .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  disables available effects .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  setup   checks
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  fake deeper .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generate   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a mode to mode .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  formats a dict .
truth: like repr . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find key based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  null   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  apply a query string representation of an aware container id & vm .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  list   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  redirect to the domain name .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  process   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a buffer string for parsing the string and their offset .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  is   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a random string starting from an object .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  launch git revision value for the given svn .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  launch   files
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group group group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  output the vm vm : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw images within this target .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  format   dictionary
truth:  grab   null

test:  generic bson document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the dbref will tell whether an object has a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert cosine to enabled; .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  call this function to return the list of all available configured .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of location .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  sets   section
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the copy of a vector .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  find   find

test:  takes the request uri as specified in one .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate instance of proxy for attaching a method such that the given changes to avoid blocking representation of http response code .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns file name .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  prioritized   null
truth:  null   way

test:  turns an image into a multiple images where the image is images .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  imports   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a higher spelling .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  null   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  a view that returns [permissions if it has the social build file .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  print a hex string or the given data .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user subject subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates an operation record and uses the appropriate operation description .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in edges is the specified modification node .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate value for the integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  value   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a node and all associated node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the dict representation of the system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  select   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  receive an object assert that it contains properly found in sequence of values .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  confirm   reader
truth:  is   null

test:  write a file into integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert any pending and its encoded bits .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  salustowicz   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  i receive error mails encoded as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or push components to a given url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  writes the indicated with the given private key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generates   add
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns an object containing the major part of the external path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  does not provide if its not match the same control: as parameter .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generator function for b{accept} an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  yield   images

test:  return the empty string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  empty   return

test:  return a convergence loop fsm with the current loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure that the service doesnt exists on the tool node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  ensure   url
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return the bp part of a pair .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns the url to a file using the given .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  to   try

test:  a view to create a new user .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  upgrade email when support is run .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  email   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new certain class to contribute .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  check xld from temporary directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  setup   check
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  make sure that a container is remove .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin allows you to define a job for testing requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   null

test:  given a dictionary of day .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   datetimes
truth:  null   helper

test:  dump the given timestamp to the according configuration file .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert data to file .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import a file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  import   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the directory for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   formats
truth:  get   get

test:  clear installed files .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the programs menu keyname .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merges multiple dictionaries into a single first dictionary where :math:c_kn are the first .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merges   replace
truth:  merge   struct

test:  return list of images from iterable .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  list   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator that returns the dataset of the dataset .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   function
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check the form time from solve does this is what we have a regression or set of tuples .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   check
truth:  url   url

test:  format an xml tag with the given namespace and or none .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generate a set of delimited iff the current stack .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   read
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find files in a multiline to be regexes .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  return the path to the file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  retrieve   build
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations to the latest text .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   convert
truth:  shows   shows

test:  test that queue can be instantiated .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  test   p
truth:  create   a

test:  set the minimal plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  getting   code
truth:  io   io

test:  test that exceptions are not created when the slashes cannot be created .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  load   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  create the flaglog .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   try
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a value to the beginning of a value .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the list of events which have all the request .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  return   mask
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow of a list of hosts merge in organization succeeds .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  to   use
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of strings .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  extracts the newline from the current python version .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  extracts   split
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  convert value into a string containing included into the form given in the option where value is an integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  perform   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with user == a subset .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns inode information about the installed packages cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  installed   server
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an input file with mixin characters representing header values .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  reading   copy
truth:  header   header

test:  pulls a string or encodes a raw byte string .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  perform   remove
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine if a size is sizefilter .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  return   check
truth:  files   files

test:  add the given event policy to be used .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  add   groups
truth:  let   null

test:  generator that returns a value of the given sequence .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the right expansion of expr when a theano type is not a new function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  finds   null

test:  this is a dictionary of relevant relevant value .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   task
truth:  given   task

test:  escape a string so that it can be sent in a ninja table .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  text   xml
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to change the init logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the global web server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  hook   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test if a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the named file and place them into the tree_base .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the path portion of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a list of paths and a specified path .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of all links .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with new and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split the given tags and return a tagged list with call assumes tags is a list of dicts .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  null   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return a dictionary with axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   search
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a folder into the destination cffi .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  if the application has a log that it exists in the hypervisor .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  unregisters with host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  password   password

test:  a cgroups element with text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  generate a unittest suite for all the overriding given by test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable objects of all enabled objects into one call .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of names that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  depth depth offsets .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  shortcut   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert all checks if a --unit that also include a possibly that is already handled .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   call
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new default mapping file .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that generate_pipeline_code() gets a file doesnt need to pass out the contents of file descriptors are set and kept ok .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of default or timestamp for the date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the amount of initialized metadata for the current machine .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  for some current thread .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network records for the bridge or none .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server exists cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can check translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that a sound score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return worker(s) for pyspider .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  apply   wrapper
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test the nt run .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given the encoding and encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  model   remote
truth:  lookup   up

test:  return the number n length of n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current theme associated with the given request .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator to mark a test suite .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  literal : definition .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a dict of attributes for the output file .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  output   parameter

test:  test to make sure that the idea will fail if the object has properly .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  to   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test *func* built-in port for the current locale .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  review   null
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook as a dom workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the indefinite degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the given bem to an existing volume .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  uses   uses

test:  require information about the group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  looks up the output for a possibly and assign it to each identity identity loop .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  hide   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ensure that all strings have been set .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a collection summary of the given collectionsummarymodel object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by an order rather than the associated user .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  fetches a list of dimensions .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for pyopengl functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   pyopengl
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  return the profile model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a np .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   elements
truth:  place   place

test:  change a database name to the password of the user the password of the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user host the password
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the header is found for this header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   testing
truth:  output   output

test:  add a simple protobuf to a protobuf summary .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   value
truth:  adds   null

test:  name = distribute bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  =   utility
truth:  get   get

test:  run $ on system code .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   accepts
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current time value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the sparse kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete one or more tags from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn the testcase .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  return the file location as an absolute path .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  return   case
truth:  read   a

test:  returns hipchat primary link .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an uninitialized transform .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a single page to make text for sequence of internal links .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   pattern
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the current server and there .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of active provider .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test fast corresponding to commit on string representation .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create one fastq line containing one fastq header .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return uniform string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the devices from the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create a py3 py3 .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the scheduler page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  raise a varint if data has at least one went on this match .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  run   a
truth:  has   django

test:  computes elementwise reciprocal of a continuous function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   node
truth:  null   range

test:  return the gae header with the given filename and environment variables .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return a persistent /%s in the b-values table for the shape in the case of an image file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   back
truth:  input   input

test:  retrieve the trimmed value for the given axis of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the given member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return matrix of values in the flattened input .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  implement w one of length as a value of length .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  value   routine
truth:  split   a

test:  run truth fit with a list of strings .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python python python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  install   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack arg to maintain an application .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  pack   variables

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  content   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a custom build for the given file .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  builds   standard
truth:  module   module

test:  compute pairs of nodes of nodes in a directed graph g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape the given parameter so that it can be used as attributes/arguments .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the current settings .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a set of dependencies of the css group with name specified .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  generator to yield the next iterator by the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  to   pairs
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if files have a negative output .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log an option with a logical error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   log

test:  return the base path for the given bad path .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  return   path
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights for the given exploration or matching the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a tuple of the result field and column bytes .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  crops   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the name of the file currently read from the file .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a tile row and all the config file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  formats the given tags from the given tag and return a string of tags which leaves the given tags .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  github   search
truth:  returns   a

test:  process a single config array .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  process   input
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should not resolve invalid executable if it is invalid .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   search
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a scp sequence of strings .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  force   strings
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : sequence body | enum_item formulas | modequal | enum_item | minusequal | const_ref .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a set of y within y axis .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  given a log log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  write   a

test:  create a collection of hosts from the user this will create partial hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  sets   users
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  a wrapper around staticfiles that allows us to read and then the contents of the file .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the rss url to a special url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses proper http client to perform http client .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  type delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the list of ngram to position in the sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters to which the given service instance is running on the given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  user view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   call
truth:  view   view

test:  save the current file object to the filename .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  sort sort parameters for existing default keys .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  assert that most common divisor and desired lists is a certain appearance .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  join   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  return all available running spiders cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   run
truth:  get   get

test:  import user to a new backend .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  concatenate a dask .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get a number to astropy .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  matches against mean .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  whitespace   expr
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  override the default resolver .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  override   override

test:  parses the config file and returns a dict from config .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  undo   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  enable all root operations on the given node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  returns the path to the rcctl(8) command .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  correct   configure
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turn a device into a device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  turn   messages
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch to the given tuple of seconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the diffopcodegenerator .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the namespace tests .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  test that a disjoint random numbers w using a disjoint size and spatial random numbers .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  function used to compute the step of a single tar examples in k[x] .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  used   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap some arguments for say() .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   alias
truth:  return   a

test:  define an activations .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  list the packages currently installed for the named package available .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that we match exactly before and deserialize before a valid certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  signed   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  do not display files .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  do   files
truth:  files   files

test:  add entity keys for all entities in the group .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  randomly create a random subset from an randomly generated probabilities .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  draws   null

test:  fix the unix logs *delta*+1 log messages for the log line .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  access   function
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a union of training containing one-to-one .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  process   certificates
truth:  determines   null

test:  test same_domain and http instance .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  'index 'index job .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  install   implementation
truth:  get   get

test:  return the gw netmask .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  return   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return json stream as a file .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  return   format
truth:  read   json

test:  if its possible to route .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return the volume list .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  allows to get the value in the site has been last created in run_type .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  to   get
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  dynamically generate a enqueued of the 2-d mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  leading   project
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check for raising an exception .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   shorthand
truth:  check   check

test:  insert an item as new html .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  prefix prefix for the given user with the groups groups .
truth: return env . 
test:  prefix   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  checks to see if the file already exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  to   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  search for sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  search   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  returns the current user based on the provided username and the current user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view for abort .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  configures   sets
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   add
truth:  return   a

test:  return the streams used to encode a datastream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set the channel montage by optionally updates the unique registry .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   target
truth:  help   eeg

test:  is the options: function to be p and assign each pair of times .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  is   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all empty twitter messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  delete user .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the named service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  matrix objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this will return if current comprehensive is currently configured on a comprehensive .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  normalize rules that start at all known extensions .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  rules   hash
truth:  null   strategy

test:  tab-completion: where there is no tab completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   move
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a admin privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form form and version .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  mock   project
truth:  project   version

test:  generate field for a specific package .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  generates   converts
truth:  make   a

test:  this method dont particularly with database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  null   item
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : lparen additive rparen .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  internal helper .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the kind of type strings and recursively .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of p modulo o .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   query
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates a basic path based on target .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  null   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  create   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  make a method that ensures that the values in a future module is already logged in the db .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  to   helper

test:  mock stream manager .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   weight
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a string string with free .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  wrap   replace
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all available updates .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the local tool shed panel from a tool file .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform path to a file uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert that datetimes returns a static object has no more than a down .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert covariance matrix lengths .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   privileges
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the webapp timeout for the given url cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  if we is designed to use the temporary in the case of a list of statements .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return filename with group fields from database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   new
truth:  to   try

test:  delete all dns task for recounting .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   job

test:  add an existing cookie to the given form .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  return consecutive mnist coordinates for straight operations in directed .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  null   places

test:  generate content to parse actions .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  callback   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for celeux .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns only the first item found through the list of filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   user

test:  get a gmail or create url for two urls .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   number
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a topic list of topics maximally for the provided topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that passes a function or method is run from a target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a string or .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  extract messages from a list of tags .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  set up after all occurrences of the given string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  set   current
truth:  removes   shell

test:  requests reset of students delete a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   request
truth:  to   request

test:  factory function for the given expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  opens the resource for an ec2 credentials .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing from a relative path for a package specification .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the versions of versions for versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with report report versions .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classification

test:  this function will return a dict that can be used as an ordered key .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  a run a password from the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find sls name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the global country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  issue #32 .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  issue   error
truth:  null   classes

test:  return a list of rows from a file this looks like a comma-separated .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download the given setuptools and return its path to the downloads .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   return
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of the colors of a bipartite distribution .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string representing the current time spec .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger parameter .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test key_dependency validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   entity
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a running system force minutes .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  determine if we are enabled for the x11 compositing os x and negative compositing ideal compositing examples: .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  is   window

test:  checks if the given module is available on the given module .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return list of all python files found in directory that were those modules below a regular file name .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  yield   path

test:  return a list of the vpc peering connection or in the specified vpc .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the location from a file at the top of the given name .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  text should appear in the right of a single space .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  colorized   test

test:  write a single file as options .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  given   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert a unicode string to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return a tuple of the members for a model id .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in the folder and sub notify .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  check gradient of a gradient by the specified start .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper method that parses data from psycopg2 timeseries .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  null   data
truth:  get   data

test:  given a set of bucket names .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date object .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   bag

test:  increment a time as millisecond .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test if a previously deactivated cache entry is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  query   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  retrieves the configuration state for a set of applications .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simulate the rank of a matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  recursive   rank
truth:  gives   null

test:  adjust symlink environment variable for the right tests .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  need   need

test:  unify all files that have a list of files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all the registered themes .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  determine the rq socket of the given socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  receive   a

test:  this is a simplified date and its handlers .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  find the resultprogress .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  find   null
truth:  clone   a

test:  try to add a string which expects a specified path .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  expects   output
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting raise a testtools enabled .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return fact version as a optimization based on python and the number .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if url is a single http or a url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the value of the oauthgetrequesttoken .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a utc string of a timestamp .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build array scores into sparse scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  build   simple_only_unlimited_args
truth:  issue   issue

test:  a decorator that will create an load load on the cluster and return a specified cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get operation value .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the unix socket .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate guid of all primary keys in model .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture to turn a actual request or closure a students .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  marking   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a urlencode object from a given url .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if path looks like a absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test the delete post method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  ensure that a kernel is success .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the repository metadata on a repository .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  sends an email so that the given sendredo is enabled .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  get valid serial object for given item and valid serial root parameters .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   split

test:  check if the specified python python is installed .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> str get a portage resource name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  package   package

test:  register a new compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  register   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  sanity and reads the mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  function   install
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit queue calls to a specific file .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps are them takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  lettuce   scenario
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  for computing the first element of n and b .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  results   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a list of all the reduction methods .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  certificate an ssh key for http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  create   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively copies the given parse tag from a list of make_node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return an encryption tree from the data set by the pointed variable .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  checks if a particular filename is sys .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip the legacy .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   matches
truth:  convert   a

test:  dumb a string until it returns true .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  wrap   failure
truth:  null   generator

test:  validate and return a dynamic model metadata for option .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  model   model

test:  this function instantiates a single action object that iterates through every time .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  function   use
truth:  use   use

test:  exclude iterator of symbols using the given set of their names .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  exclude   tree
truth:  yield   null

test:  list the changes from a path on the root directory .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  list   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  generate an randomseed random string thing chosen to make the same number of the random items .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  the repr() function .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path can be executed on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  compute a gradient index of a group .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled in the idle activation .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the sequence of word .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  '%slayercount%s an element message .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   part
truth:  print   print

test:  return the composite .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  update the relative path for the command line .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  build   docs

test:  loads the data .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  exists   windows
truth:  prints   prints

test:  load a value from a pagerduty service .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns list of keys and do not entity .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load fixture data fixtures: .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   list
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  create arma correlation matrix with arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients of lagpolynomial process l : int number of points df_modelwc : int number of lagpolynomial values and lagpolynomial
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: name : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   parent
truth:  name   name

test:  called after end a specified repository will return repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  called   a
truth:  return   current

test:  return true if the user exists in database name of the users users users to connect as port the port to connect to connect to connect to connect .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  return   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  log a form form for a given form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  log   send
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   information
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  execute the command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  command   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  looks up a message in oauth development environment variables .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  to   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   unit
truth:  records   records

test:  run a pattern from comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  run   package
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sparse kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generic function to make a pointer function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach this process indentation based on pid .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detaches   fork
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a wheel with pip install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  generate debug description of feed for feed and description .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  configure the database models and close to the given engine .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  drops   configure
truth:  clear   null

test:  code to identify the given object structure .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  ignore   check
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  checks to see if a launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  to   details
truth:  check   check

test:  appropriately x .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  return the disk logs to use for the default logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  null   update
truth:  clear   null

test:  read a bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  concatenate shared sizes .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  doesnt contain the computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  write   set
truth:  set   set

test:  same as a 1-d array .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert x in python 2 .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  decode   a

test:  render non-utf8 fields to a multipart .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  render   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  constructs an asset id that has a timestamp part .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available hub sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  attempt to parse a list of upageviews finitely for the specified start table .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems with pywin32 windows .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  set   set

test:  make a version ports with legacy bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  make   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  return current request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  enable or disable http response code associated with the given http response code .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the value .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait until the prompt command .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  restores a string to a previous warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  restores   warnings
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register the feature if the random status alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   checks
truth:  register   a

test:  return a list of domain domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  returns a setting setting based on the provided settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  decode an object containing the number of messages stored into a cookie .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly extract regular base steps from step into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a sympy object for the given attribute .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  show   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  runs fixed ori for the given source code .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  runs   module
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   things
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return the metadata of the url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  try   try

test:  a read bytes from a file-like object and write it to their original bytes .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  if the args passed into the numpy argument passed into the args argument via the descending argument .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   system
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads the specified session object from the specified session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  save   null
truth:  return   return

test:  raise typeerror if x is a utf-8 containing non-utf8 bytes or unicode .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  load a png png dataset .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the position on the current stack corresponding to the current thread .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new user .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   null
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that text are correctly of parallel .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an entry to a video/audio clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  use   use
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can be used in the numerically .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of untracked files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   files
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  response response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  check if course is expired args: username: the course of the orderitem cache : the cart to determine if user is not implemented .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  if   sort
truth:  null   a

test:  create an z3 test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  compute   use
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that can view reports .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  view   equivalent
truth:  null   locale

test:  this makes sure that a signals is saved on signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   replace
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set of words found in the given set of matching statements .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  print orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  orphaned   null
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick the default info corresponding to the default info dict .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   state
truth:  default   stim

test:  clear master and create if the current single call .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this is a add url to a url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  do   null
truth:  add   a

test:  a context manager for outputting flags .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  default get_id .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  decimate   linear
truth:  put   put

test:  test that a collection of collection objects are equal .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  part of homogenous neural should y_value: .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the secure configuration dictionary .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  update   update

test:  test if the connection is responding .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  if   list
truth:  if   test

test:  it reads a byte file from a byte string and converts it to ~astropy .
truth: from url . 
test:  print   format
truth:  url   url

test:  build a model with the given creator from the given creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  model   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  this is a utility function that returns a list of the first element of nodes .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  is   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  start the service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on warning on warning on display directory returns a warning object whose exit code for display .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the largest largest centrality for the nodes of a graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  return   time
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a list of outputs between x and outputs the last dimensions .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  extend   x
truth:  -   -

test:  remove the result from connections[senderkey]except .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an error call .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package name if such a package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test matching user using member .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  register   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a string from a user .
truth: same as os . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  search   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice invoice link link link .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the ancestors with pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   pid
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  register an object in the current module file .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  register   ldap
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry cant escape things if we have a regular expressions .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  function to ensure that the multipart files can be used as provided .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create a static zone .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a user has download access for any of the group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   tests

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpuelemwise(gpu_from_host) .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  splits string into a list .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   a

test:  create a new dict containing utc attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  takes   numeric
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a dictionary of lists from input input .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean true if image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current privs' cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   list
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get a pair of the maximum of the respective components of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create and run simple creating link .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  find   host
truth:  control   control

test:  create a string .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  do   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns a zs[ array of all linkage stored in the passed array .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the string to use in the current django version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to get a function of the 2 sets of queues .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply node label .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  format   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of users .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given path should be written .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  an packet[ activation method .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete bookmark of all bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  delete   session
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add access to group type for project_id .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   group
truth:  access   access

test:  try to find path if possible .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tls url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a single node from a spec node .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid type .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the even .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a mapping of name to a name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  remove invalid quotes from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  join   slashes
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit edit field for an existing report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   view

test:  match event object and methods .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  name   trigger
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  stream the selected index .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  return   null
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a {'pool' pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   vpnservice
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the vector of the points to the given string .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  create an api backend for use in tests .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  validates torrent object and verify the modules of an instance object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  validates   set
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a file from one surface to another .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  transform   surface

test:  keyword for the credentials without the same language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate default notifications for config .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  generate   counts
truth:  null   notifications

test:  test that no text/html gives the side .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the entry point for a particular vector .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a dictionary of default values into a dotted dictionary .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  content   a
truth:  used   null

test:  string containing the proxy .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  setup   server
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute place of nan function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   metadata
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of an existing user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a event event loop and return as numpy .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  accepts   assignment_one_param
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of the groupings matrix for each of the group ids .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  we only have a ignoring the folder in some quota .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  logs   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  set   set

test:  set a new posting server .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  output   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available versions .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  return   detail
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  create the valid region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   value

test:  this is a display-name if it triple is available in the current project .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple view that renders a template into a response .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a datastore from the specified instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to use the given virtualenv for a virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   replace
truth:  context   manager

test:  this function does not using the main protocol .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   database
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  import all classes in a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the mixed log decomposition of a sharp 1d .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a sorted list of courses sorted by course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  remove the provided file name .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  file   file

test:  a function which accepts all arguments of function names .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  if nsenter is used to track .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure a given url is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a dictionary of dictionaries of the password file and by reading them .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   resource
truth:  patch   patch

test:  function to ensure that the container passed as the v2 argument .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to create the database .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the description of the given list of unknown bits .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  make jail and status message .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export operators and the output of styles asserts that it is unknown .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  export   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  list user about destination read only .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  list   user
truth:  enable   enable

test:  create a json object given some output .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  enable   list
truth:  implement   null

test:  configure or update '<ipaddress>' .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  configure   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  determines an empty channels for the given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  causes   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  sgi image library for jpeg .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  test the list of the issues .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the nest alarm speech binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   access
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  is provided dictionary containing properly formatted for munging users .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  is   seed
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the string writing writing to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return json representation of template auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a wrapper for the alternative .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  sort   decorator
truth:  chained   a

test:  uses python files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set the key to be the user-specific .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  create new user profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  converts any given path to a single native file path .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* individuals from input *individuals* using *k* spins of input spins of a roulette .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   find
truth:  select   null

test:  get tag from an sites stream .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  load   observatory

test:  print the message if the log file is none .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  unconditionally test if the test case is being executed .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  unzip file or returns a sff file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  receive   temporary
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a list of a given object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  replace   instance
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the full url for url .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory and creates a sqlcmd config directory .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  public routine to print a user .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   a

test:  joins warnings of *x* and y are returned by y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  convolve   x

test:  compute whether y should be labeled as linearoperator labels .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the given path .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  run an decision module of the names of a module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  filter   class
truth:  import   import

test:  return true if there are any of the chosen flag or multiline .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  resets the managed transactions .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  set   back
truth:  rolls   back

test:  calculate the 17087277 17087277 standard deviation .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the two legendre center .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   restore
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   attempts
truth:  null   routine

test:  test to make sure we only store this image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  to   return
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the difference of two matrices .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a network to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that result gives an empty sparse model .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  checking a new server responds with a download query .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the quotas for driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  set   font
truth:  validates   validates

test:  assign an completions of an object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   info

test:  get user copy of desktop and exists .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a list of dict from a list of pairs .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  take   a

test:  used for the html forms of zipfiles and returns a tuple of dicts that can be used in html forms | boolean .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  to   null

test:  code for testing .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the major .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  try to guess the given encoding name .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete pending event loop and its bookmark them .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  trigger   session
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the maximum adjective with the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a bytes that takes no effect of the bytes to the bytes .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  get the secret key of the current machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a string value based on the data portion of the next string to python string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the data to write to the given data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  supported   null
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create an viewsdef instance with a specified track .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return name of a uid for the user .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new error factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  use this to find the latest tokens from a string containing tuple of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  use   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges edges
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all the installed user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for redis to become created .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   call
truth:  raise   null

test:  check bem .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   group
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate command and 6 the given logs .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  command   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  returns the inverse discrete lomb-scargle search for the given normalization or determinant of a dense search .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  returns   ciphertext
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  returns an employees hash for the given filename .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an iterable of strings for inserting some text .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  filters   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get the token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return dig number of detected number .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  change   return
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat the message and format .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  seconds   retry
truth:  is   null

test:  yield a generator which looks like a corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  split the domain based on every set of attributes .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   set
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator to register a function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  helper to retrieve database from database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   type

test:  do typical .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  do   method
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an open database to a specific database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return an object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  to   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a figure using axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   a

test:  rooted the average tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  password   null
truth:  search   search

test:  look for quickly module in the package packages .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  rotates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the shared stack from the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file to the start and put it to prepare .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of timezone names .
truth: factory function . 
test:  configure   set
truth:  function   function

test:  the organization operation by name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  create   list
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple human-readable method for usage seconds .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  build an optional optional args .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  build   module
truth:  if   null

test:  returns csrf token value from request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  context   processor

test:  return a list of the current process and their ip addresses .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read one or more pathname chunks and mirc chunks .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns same state as string from the app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  document a document to determine if it subscriptions .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  document   subscription
truth:  get   subscription

test:  lookup a list of available network ips .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  lookup   prints
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get the buffer of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  return   part
truth:  accepts   a

test:  create a group' group based on the given users group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  create   new
truth:  ensure   null

test:  read an encoded digest from a given block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  returns   scenario
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified 3101 .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the data contained in the step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a function which accepts 0 and returns the python interpreter .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  turns data in a encode into a byte-string 8 .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  turns   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a range for an entry .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the string representing the parent of the two dimensional .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   os

test:  echo text containing indexing and put it with trace .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  text   sets
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group rule from the specified project .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  retrieve   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard or sequence of interactive window create interactive window unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  issues   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication data for replication entrypoint instance .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if the object is a variable .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a list of instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   power

test:  sets a new change of all labels in the change state .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  equivalent to the windows pathname .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  checks to see if a topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  return the greedy policy for a given vector .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic string requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  common function to get the channel 2 and checks to be mapping .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that yields all the items of a sequence of their existing items from a time or a unicode .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a string representing the version of a sequence .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop dtmf section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   level
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns true if obj is module parameters type : module instance or if obj is a module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table in the table and return a standard nftables command format criteria .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the request matches the given request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated from the string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return a subset of all values from iterable values .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   a

test:  sets a stylesheet menu based on its name .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  sets the item in the order they are returned by default .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  turn a string s to a quoted return a copy of it .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  text   return
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  sets up a script or the beginning or the next engine .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  sets   import
truth:  null   handler

test:  dot nodes graph using "label" algorithm .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  edge   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  add or unlock a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  watching   edit
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the value of the selected test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all items for an account cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  template   template

test:  attempt to output a cookiecutter graph in the models file .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  to   a
truth:  export   method

test:  camelcase a gcode file .
truth: process part . 
test:  stop   function
truth:  process   part

test:  split names in pascalcase representation into lowest representation suitable for loading .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  null   use
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  median the best best such that .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   partition

test:  prepare socket object and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  prepare   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a list of versions to resource .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  shows   list
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a list of tuples .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  is   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test named token .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  write the xml string to a given shape object .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized result kwargs: .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  return a cassandra bucket for hashdb .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  return the .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  return   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  runs flaky as a test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps timestamp for the given process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the data object and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate new monkey-patching hex string .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  lists all unique elements of iterable such that the iterable are unique in iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  test the open file .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  create   permissions
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all tabs and update the course if it exists .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   remove

test:  evaluate a string in an url format safely .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   input
truth:  extract   slug

test:  page arguments .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  get   page

test:  print a summary of the given cell information about each output .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the do upgrade any upgrade if url is upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  get   check
truth:  to   try

test:  main function to run an options .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  search   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  compute the network pad nodes of a vector .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  writes a exit file if it contains no seed or a different python mode .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  called   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  do some api put .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  do   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we dont have a folder when they dont have a folder labeled generic their folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  generate a x_{1}^e .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  closing a password and password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  view   view

test:  write a config file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  write   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build 'swarm- then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the distance matrix of the given assistant distribution .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given an encoded password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clones ansi .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  reports   working
truth:  shows   a

test:  copy a kapacitor connection to the specified location .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   server
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the eventlet for the given thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the codec graph data so the graph consists of nodes .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the item passed is an item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that params is an error level file .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw copy of raw dataset .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a python module for a filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  find   get
truth:  given   grep

test:  returns true if the given prefix'] application manager is %s .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  config   config

test:  authenticate all next characters in the same way as one point of the go way .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  like   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  sends a message to the user .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  attempt to run background engine .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture that will inject the given aws project id .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  performs a unmount operation on the minion cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  instructs chocolatey to ['restorecon' the contents of the image cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string containing the python python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the logging verbosity used by the log output .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create new parameter to handle new course and the new parameter .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a case where there is no concurrency while uploading .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   j
truth:  model   a

test:  check if an agent is a normally .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the given content should also be editable for a specific content type that is editable or switched .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch app and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns unicode string from hex string representation of the supplied character as a unicode string .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  to   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the linear differential equation the qq of the denominator .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  returns   cloud
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate associate an email with the same email address if not already exists .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   send
truth:  return   user

test:  return a boolean value on python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  if   python

test:  returns the value of the fastq parameter and integer ids .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return data out of a snmp variable .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the version of the given 'bits .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   current

test:  return the script name for the given script or none .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a unicode content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  count the number of numbers in the 'four' number .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  count   return
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an expression .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   real
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to have any dimensions .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the shape of the given shape or group .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this dataset computes a dataset of sequence of sequence data points by a terminal sequence of sequence of sequence of different results of sequence .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts an enum member into enum form .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  turns   class
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the given callables is in the given dictionary .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   characters
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a decorator that adds a view to the given slug .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  it should be performed if the dataset of a certain pool .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  this function is used and generation of insert_many() .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts ascii string to an ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   esc
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the features value of f as a list of features separated by pade .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   datetime
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an state like representation for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a certificate to the certificate to remove keychain the certificate to install the certificate to install the keychain the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart a traffic server configuration option .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  lazy to display a task task by name .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  to   null
truth:  command   command

test:  key_to_english(key:string/bytes) vary scan .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  based   null

test:  save device to the device .
truth: register the device . 
test:  save   undo
truth:  register   register

test:  open a string with a power .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the given user has access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment entry from the given team .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  returns package provider for the given filename .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries into a list of dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   counts
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces the node text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  simplifies   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted list of kwargs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of available discussion attribute of the discussion discussion attribute .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically return true if an action function is not exempt from an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  change   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return minimum module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  print out the users context .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  print   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the n-th degree of f .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  returns   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract regular base steps from step into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform the input string into a maximum of the main substrings .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  convert raw arp ip address to a klintegrator .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  copy   hosts
truth:  null   a

test:  turns a file system <fs_type> on the devices .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  turns   updates
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to a scheduled volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  display whether remote events is on or off if remote failure" settings :rtype: string value representing the "restart on modem" settings :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the #16288 [0 .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   stubs
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress reallocation section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  scan   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  return an iterable over the names of a function arguments passed to a resources .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  run server instance server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   api

test:  send an sms phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential function that represent the given exponential attribute .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  note['n stream deployment .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  null   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica ica data twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  decorator which raises a test if a message is true or false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json user representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   config
truth:  attach   null

test:  change the data in the year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  change   query
truth:  update   version

test:  login a analytics account object .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering reallocation command section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   retry
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set an unknown string with given length .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  set   method
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls required for the filter .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  most recent commands for all of the minion .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  git   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find the specified element with css_selector element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   null
truth:  click   click

test:  find the given snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  module   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   list
truth:  -   -

test:  generator that safari_extensions augmentation along a game .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  given input fields and a dict of all the passed fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  given   dict
truth:  iterate   null

test:  this user has been studio to process the course of a course contains .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  list   list

test:  removes theano and denominator .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  download   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  return a password hash for the given user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  return   user
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes entity object from a protobuf .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  quick sort function .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test validation function .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convenience function to get value by a boolean parameter .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  value   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  pack wedge .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  pack   function
truth:  write   null

test:  write the lwtexception hash file using 6e and other processing data .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  common code for the specified sound .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  build   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named grafana job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  parse serializer as a list of all the given feed .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run subprocess .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  create   a

test:  registers a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  computes shortest weight of nodes from a directed graph g .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config settings are properly used .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  the cross entropy of the target list listening sorted select and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform c .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  transform   y
truth:  computes   null

test:  yield duplicates from sequence wile preserving order .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around iam policy document .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  list   user
truth:  get   get

test:  save byte-code with a someone value .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  finds keys in dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes option .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   classes

test:  gets the region number for a given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a single image in a list of any of the following im1 images .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  click   things
truth:  generate   a

test:  like string .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  prevent   part
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  receives the input given by the user from create_payload .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the gui to retrieve the file for a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user has write access to log .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create an index .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  create   user
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns a string representation of the given clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a numpy array that is close to the same time .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of a sound between 0 and to_value .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a filename and return html .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop the given meta[u' .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  stop   alias
truth:  given   a

test:  return the metadata host from the xenapi reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of tuples of the given alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  perform the general result of the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  generate a datetime object for a year .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config config config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the transparency notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   block
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found as a directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be supplied as a
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of a group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the regular expression buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  a little helper function for the given filename and prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  null   error
truth:  generate   a

test:  return line starting with the given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with django lines .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  text   text

test:  this function returns a default key for tasks .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects image source with file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   purpose
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible messages .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the aes after the specified day .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return comments tuple of e .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   update
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  replace y traversal with observed values from y .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   null
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a random string of trailing trailing characters from leading length .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if d is a percent of given field .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the given time .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  null   null

test:  save data to a given file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  work   change
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if filename belongs to a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  creating log file using usage .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   method
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  sort python bar positions into docstrings and indented markers with indentation .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the feature using double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke html attributes containing a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   send
truth:  revoke   task

test:  recursively set a given differences in a given dictionary of a and b .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of ps for the system .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  start   a

test:  view context for current user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  load   current

test:  checks the state of a number .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  test whether table is data table by right table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   tuple
truth:  null   null

test:  mock docker-py method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse separators needed for static file parses words and return a list of words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   exit
truth:  parses   parses

test:  sets an object and passes it to the namespace for the given space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  unpack   like
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return a unique filename .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  given a values of the value of a given argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  function   cast_expression
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return a formatted string for the given date .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders an "inclusion error handler for annotated consumption {% load crispy_forms_tags %} {{ form .
truth: show django . 
test:  create   render
truth:  show   django

test:  the entry point of the application to the dependency models .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that like obj that appear in defaults .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  like   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: language: -> language .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to message defaults .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   assert
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  returns the shared parameters used for use in hachoir .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup the logger .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  configure   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the channel path of the given element .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the most recent labels for each majority count .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  cc-establishment reallocation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  control   control

test:  yaml yaml to parse handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  scan   field
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user isnt set correctly .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  if   users
truth:  get   user

test:  dumb function .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in the cursor for execution .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  search   search

test:  loads the json file from the cache location .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  to   json
truth:  return   return

test:  load the grunfeld data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler but adds static_url to the page .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   page
truth:  default   default

test:  runs a command and ensure it does not runs on a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  escape a string and transform a go polar string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  return   a

test:  it should truncate if a package is uninstalled .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that passes a controller for reverse request .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the first dict of two dataset pairs to show from: url .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the list of available flavor .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize a log file by applying each input parameter and optionally form_class .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   entry
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a line of normalization: by passe axis from the top of the first image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  return   return

test:  converts unicode bytes to a byte bytes or unicode .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  unicode   new
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   files
truth:  return   return

test:  return the the the the language a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a string for the next click .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  like   like

test:  selection_statement : for lparen expression_opt semi expression_opt semi expression_opt rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a way that has already been used by the admin counts .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   content
truth:  null   field

test:  read a buffer bytes from file .
truth: return major . 
test:  read   signal
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image from a given file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if the primer contains allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  determine the file descriptor to use .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  returns none if enabling is currently being blocking .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   path
truth:  find   find

test:  given a series of shifts .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a class that may be a python configuration .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  return useful cache script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  determine   none
truth:  return   return

test:  set a query on all datacenter .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with scipy .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yield items to object containing one after each refs .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  yield   serialize
truth:  generate   info

test:  return a datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the replace this version for the draft version for the location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check for extend_positions .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  uses twisted .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  convert item containing a collection of strings .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  initialize backend .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  initialize   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the theme class to be used for cache .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  sets   utility
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   shorthand
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  find test tests from a specified python module .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given an element or a nested tuple containing the elements of the flat tuple .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  given   return
truth:  nested   get

test:  read some headers containing a dict of tuples .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert groups with duplicate values from list of values .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  return file object .
truth: lock file . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates the hash for the given jwt .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  hash   converts
truth:  null   method

test:  creates a wcs coverage dict for the given grid of adding/removing .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create toc file extensions from given toc .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  create   new
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the named user to prevent home directory the named user name username to modify home directory to prevent home directory to prevent home directory to prevent configuration files in
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the text or bytes from human readable string if item is not already .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  composite the difference between two lists .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sort a list of all values of the given iterable .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether a type is of a type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  checks   calculate
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut configuration for the given python object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two pyparsing files .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compare   header
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get transport to get transport formatted host for the host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  get   host
truth:  verify   a

test:  get the behavior of the loop which get the other segment through the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  move item to the item of local ranked list .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  submit   listing
truth:  null   item

test:  if func() evaluates to true before timeout expires .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  if   call
truth:  func   func

test:  function to clean up tabs at the end of a specific output .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  to   output
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  default validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  default   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description of the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   find
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open left if it doesnt even .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in maintenance mode cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   search
truth:  take   null

test:  collection v with the specified name .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  algorithm   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a topic tree nodes to compress the topic tree .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  extends socket .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  socket   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate bokeh-travis pointsarebeinggenerated .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  points   points

test:  create a category from a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the centers of the contour loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page from a validate_is_instance api .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  attributes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an object to a serialized node .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture which provides a fake cookie object which provides a test function for the test case .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  fixture   set
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  if setting of radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns an dev ino string for the given dev .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   current

test:  set up the 31 choice level .
truth: get streams . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  get   streams

test:  return tuple like two-dimensional .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system users .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  apply two values to either a variable type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  apply   type
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the named tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  if   check

test:  ask for an slightly driver at a time .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shape=(number lambda function of the second kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat room server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   users
truth:  sending   message

test:  fixture to generate a new environment .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return information about the previously recent data for this module .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  do   user
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a :class:~werkzeug string .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  sets erfa code indicating that requested by preseeding variables are not the requested function .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  detect   cluster
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the file is a file-like device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the given value is actually a valid instance of the given *klass* .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   download
truth:  provide   null

test:  decode the given string into port .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  prepares a zone for the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  decodes a json graph with the given name .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  decodes   register
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  computes the indefinite coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  returns a dict of the rc limited to our set of rc values .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  returns   collection
truth:  set   set

test:  return the list of available doc .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   doctype
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the path to the linux distribution .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  validates a provided ip address is a valid eia address string .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read in the instances of two filename .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   compare
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a directive contains the lowest directive for special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   method

test:  allows you to add a problem from time to execution .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return full path from the onionshare .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and restore them before the same keys each line .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call x or stack of the input polynomial in the float .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  value   find
truth:  like   like

test:  return float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  is   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package with apt-get .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that collection of arbitrary object .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  turns a flash .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new web form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in a ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a constraint object according to the given type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return firewall configuration .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  module   try
truth:  default   default

test:  return the index of the first point .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a hpi card .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload june package .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  copies   files
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a none containing a none filled in rfc series .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns tuple of for a service instance .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  choose   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  list   update
truth:  objects   objects

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  comb   a

test:  common check for a static file .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  source   source

test:  computes the sss['sss norm of the given axes .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  evaluate   fixture
truth:  get   get

test:  function to filter a class via its function .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast a pandas ip address into an integer value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turn variable into a variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  turn   theano
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  attempt to parse a raw term from a raw term to l{compress} .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  used to place a 'dc' mode .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  to   a
truth:  destroy   session

test:  a slightly graph is a set of nodes in the passed graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a glance image string from the url .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns location if further elements of the element or bounds .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a sparse image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  converts   blobs
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  prefix prefix for logging .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a method such that given function takes a static file and fills of method .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  null   magic

test:  get a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance for a given dump .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  get   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched page for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  reset a new request name and si_yoy .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  grab   flavor
truth:  null   null

test:  the fix of the probabilities .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to connect to a given system via a specified filename .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   send
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  return all the roles that the current user has been modified .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine if a timestamp is allowed .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  call application-specific on better and set of functionannotation .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  evaluate   f
truth:  to   null

test:  generate elements of an input given by 1 .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance in the database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to encode a new command line by git commands .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  null   a
truth:  git   git

test:  type : int from an year .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   test

test:  define a llvm function for the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   replace
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the value of the memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   multiple
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test the default timeout reports .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches this explicitly removes head from a list of remote branches .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   errors
truth:  show   show

test:  filters a value for a string and parse it according to post_update keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  filters   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  formats a string into a list of [x]html values .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  get the singular with the given period size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote working directory by the default requirements for the tiff working directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  working   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  initialize a new significance with a certain version .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  log   history

test:  use of users network to execute users if users .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  command   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  grain the user to use this permutation .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the z with the z of the point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  if its defined column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  using   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  convert image to y .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reset the current audio stream that can be used by the rejection current time .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  a template tag that creates a static file to a page that renders the current logged-in user to perform the associated with the given name .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event instance .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   list
truth:  injects   null

test:  these receive if the no bundle is no .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   use
truth:  missing   a

test:  enforces the docstring from several docstring .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  null   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  null   change
truth:  config   config

test:  if the given user has permission to the given course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a string and returns the number of indicating the result of the given python random ends .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  remove a file ui directory .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  error   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create nested raised and a q-values and a master frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  create   a

test:  return a callable object for the given string .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the users portion of a quota entity .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   method

test:  change the gpu configuration and gpu for the command line .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  change   container
truth:  set   set

test:  determine a static word document within a word .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  direct   search
truth:  append   append

test:  given a new member member .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  an initial attrgetter .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  starts   standard
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a demonstration instruction that has a ndarray size and returns the status .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for a list of tree which the highest function returned true and a list of realpath: index are connected due to a list of
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string object .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter filters and filter methods under a list of filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this properties was done by the given signal .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch -> forrt function .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  calculates   null

test:  makes sure the reaches channels for a reaches .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  makes   wrapper
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a discrete random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the current python module .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   a
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a list of all the vocabulary of image objects containing those data .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  determines   null

test:  require a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  require   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  compare two keys in a bond5 .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a list of the docstring from a specified number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses a list of management account .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  traverse backups and orig substitution .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  callback   function
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return the path to the given conda conda file .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  select the vertex shortcut for svd using a background operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  code   convert
truth:  restrict   null

test:  reads an allow passed to the traffic_line definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  reads   f
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a daily block with the given name .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an ssp operator .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve the simulates request cache or a query depending on the server .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  same as list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render unicode args according to the same arguments .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if a glob index is a pair of integers .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  if   dict
truth:  get   a

test:  if the directory using inactive command .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  determine   new
truth:  create   create

test:  sort a list of dicts by their arguments .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   iterator
truth:  sort   sort

test:  cast a given argument to a mixed of dtype? that has inputs .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  queue messages from the main language .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find a stim channel image at a file system .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   test
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module names to their module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of existing user names .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string into a datetime object .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  trims the start and end value for a pair of times .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  function   sum
truth:  return   return

test:  eip eip label addresses .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections of an abstract loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   loops
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount the target from the target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  create an database connection with an components .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace one space with given text with composes .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  replace   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  is this a system domain .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares viewpoint metadata from the existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  write   profiling
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display the saml components of the given settings .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  display   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  this waits for a tuple of key in memory entity modes .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  determine the current contents of bsgs groups that are already created from a strong .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  html data with the same name and the objects .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a list of pages for the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  create   algorithm
truth:  generates   null

test:  scale and return the xml text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  move   converts
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the file is a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  simple function to print bookmark and bookmark from a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the version of the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification groups .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  tries to represent a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a secret key to a pair of making it format correctly .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  build   populate
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the right schema whose keys are element in a proportion header dict .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an http request id .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  cast a resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  set   query
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  return media library instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   media

test:  temporarily copy the following filters file to a list of filters .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  combine   files
truth:  given   null

test:  get the signature connection to the api .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  build   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get all the centers from the intersection loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert input to string in the first character value .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test if docker test to marathon we want to connect to the docker traffic .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  configures   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  initialize the specified namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  provide   information

test:  constructs the restful crud cache key for the given course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  given   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return unicode string containing absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  translate port_eth from file object as a byte string .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  execute volumes and ensure this minion can run in specified file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  return   a

test:  update an executable by executable its path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get code for the given module in the given module note that the executed will run them .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  code   no
truth:  execute   a

test:  find the interact memcpy() object for the write sent .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check the server or none if the given server .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  check   arguments
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  search for finding a directory for the given dir .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  add the embedded buffer to an app .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  add   users
truth:  go   null

test:  test a testcase to process the volumeservice specific yaml class .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a given path to the beginning of the given stream .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   logging
truth:  add   a

test:  return a string representing the current connection connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object with a custom cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  disable an auth .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  disable   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors of x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats msg into a string representation of msgelse message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the absolute file path of the file containing the c{class} list .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  add forum metadata .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   attribute
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of resource as full .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image in order to make it resize .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   relu
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns binary string from the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules for a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  using   null

test:  extended 1-d .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  arrays   buckets
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string like source_path .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a form displaying all the data for a given series_id if the given series_id are also provided then also be displayed but also be displayed .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  markup an ordereddict to a signed text .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets from the target list returns a dictionary describing any failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  filter path or a 0: url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  build   build

test:  calculate the count of write vnc ports .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  lookup   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print an exception thrown into python value .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  check   check

test:  set the gui .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  append   use
truth:  initialize   null

test:  print module name for given stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  module   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  trigger the data for the daemon .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  trigger   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  formats an nginx message and passes it .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  do   str
truth:  solves   problem

test:  generate a task with the given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of available pattern cli example: .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   type
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 mean .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an shape into a deprecationwarning d .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  add   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate the request for a resource request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get the region of the service catalog for services that matches their service catalog for services .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read xread contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   parameters
truth:  read   read

test:  send the given translations to samlproviderdata translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   close
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the config directory if needed .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   users

test:  get legacy qos specs as waits for given volume type .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  last element can be found in the given sequence of combinations of one element and the result .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  t of alt_name .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random subset of "b" characters in alphanumeric clause .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts to string .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address multicast address multicast address space .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a qurl based on a valid user input .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer as a long integer or l{long} .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns value rounded to the response .
truth: get the round . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation of the desired row and columns with their rows .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  null   use
truth:  to   function

test:  create an empty media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parses flags from a string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  get the version string from the gluster .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  find   prints
truth:  perform   a

test:  print the given index format .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  print   return
truth:  null   dict

test:  start exact certificate parameters x : one of the images .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  sum   start
truth:  -   -

test:  return true if the specified file has a file or created .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  return   git
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  utility function to parse the current date as an imf-fixdate .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  function   a
truth:  is   null

test:  a function for validating .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only work on minions that have the monit module .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns response for significance of css variables .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  encodes   linear
truth:  null   response

test:  this function returns a lock key .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the nbunch of g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test a sqlalchemy gaussian distribution .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   units
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if allowed has allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  get   use
truth:  return   return

test:  validates an exception of the errors that has any of the given types .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  validates   return
truth:  if   check

test:  sorts a dictionary by a list of dictionaries .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  like   like

test:  a decorator that ensures its air cast and removes a new message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   a

test:  send a node with one of the desired email address and @project if the user is not found .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  calculate the value of the fuzz loop .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the new cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simplified an existing clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  use   compile
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if there are any duplicate whitespace in the line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  request a task to be rescored as a background task .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  request   request
truth:  submits   a

test:  if holiday falls on next jinja2 .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an comma-separated spaced string from a 1f' card .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function constructs a discussion cloning args: called only sort the service .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  if   check

test:  change the stdout of a with a given stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  change   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a notification about an instance that is parsed output .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  return   usage
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arraylike / arraylike / arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if executable is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute prlsrvctl prlsrvctl cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given a clip .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if obj is a class object type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   getattr
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and monitor name for the specified mongoengine monitor and monitor version .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a derivative2 session and the
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write the file to the git node .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generate the default table for this table .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generate   set
truth:  xml   xml

test:  conn a conn from a query .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  do   properties
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until timeout evaluates to become description .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   fn
truth:  wait   up

test:  validates the schema in the schema format and additional text .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  validates   validation
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to build a list of nova flavor .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   method

test:  delete and delete all given elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via prefix command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the instance is a containing: instance and return an existing response message .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set up the netatmo component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is modified from the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version integrate integrate test results .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   warnings
truth:  null   null

test:  override the given version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  upgrade   branch
truth:  if   null

test:  receive and decode the given message from the monitoring multiple messages .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  return a logger for a project and logger from the project .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require an installed site to be installed .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   escape
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the package that was installed .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   output
truth:  return   return

test:  build the bluetooth device in zenoss .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting at source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  fetch a best source object from a ~/ .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  called   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an arbitrary tensor to a 3d tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  call gce call gce on the host .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  allocate   vm
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic channel index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  return the setting for the current request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a boolean .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  returns true if the given value is an total list of values .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  blocking   non

test:  return true if thing is a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a document and ignore it into .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   implementation
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check whether a process name exists in the current pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  converts a storage object to a storage file .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the given os'] and commits the given name the stateconf modules to be able to the state provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap for the logger .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  call a function into a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  translates   bind
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path without the tarball if it has already in and returns the exceptions .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of sort objects .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing attribute *attr* for function *attr* that dont choose in nopython mode using the given numba type fall the complete in
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a template by its path .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  create an user with the specified object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the logged-in setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  neighbor discovery neuralnet 2 .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to return the current default configuration .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  get   get

test:  a modified instance of modified statements except it was modified .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  cross-correlation a specific snmp server for use .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gets a generator of iterable for an instance of the given attribute .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  find files under path and verify the given files .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find all files in a given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a qpointf to a list of tuples .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string identifying the python element in use by hlc .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured serializer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert n empty chunks to np .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  converts all the contents of options to a dictionary of strings .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  converts   build
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket object by the host and block .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the shutting of the arguments passed to the rich function .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  confirm   f
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on a given location .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  redirect url to a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  to   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a function used to change a trace server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : lpar arglist rpar .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a keyword character (#) followed by a score parameter requirement: * mysql * appending sp_password to bypass several web application firewalls this comment cant
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  get the overhang support for the xmlobject .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   path

test:  return time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  time   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all the available worker .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like os .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  check for a vector in the all vector and check .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  generate a serializing repository for storing the source file .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  server   server

test:  find password in tidy5 * x: tensor variables .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   filter
truth:  find   image

test:  convenience function for positive matrix x .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  technical an html response object for the block and text .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fail fail the command output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  add multiple arguments to the state and stderr .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   check
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a tuple containing the elements of a threshold .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  constructs   null

test:  gets the proxy engine cache directory .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  read   proxy

test:  folder where the images are contained in the mapping .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  code   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   group

test:  create a list of search_path or a list of 85- .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  move templates by local to each template name .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the group containing the named group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return true if the named user is ignored in prefix .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  yield response data from a response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  yield   connection
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified activity activity .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  handle an request for request 1 .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the base type specified by name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the rpm device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all available compiler .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  step   noop
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  export a course to export directory .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  show   decorator
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of versions for obj and dict() objects .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic issue numerical .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  gets a value of the values of a given argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  decorator that creates the execution modified folder of the input data .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  if   user
truth:  caching   null

test:  returns the list of the given themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  display   display

test:  fetches the core list for all ]results of skiptest .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  fetches   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate amount of amount of items from group by group .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the provided credentials match the provided url according to the subclass of the given environment .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   authorization

test:  two-view columns of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  is   arrays
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a dict of all running vm files .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  restart the file .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  restart   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append text to the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  return the criteria version as a tuple of the local version string .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  get   get

test:  given a clsid value .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a document representation of the stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   language
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   types
truth:  translate   a

test:  this function returns a string .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : step plus new sensors .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  module   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the current wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random s3 directory .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with the specified exceptions for the specified module .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an iterable of f(x) objects .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a admin test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make a number .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  a file to listimport child processes in the read read .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  require   close
truth:  file   file

test:  define a canonical space-separated request parameters wildcard : a list of arguments .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  show   parameters

test:  wraps pretty-printing .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts a string to a variable length .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is contained in each string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  extracts   unpack
truth:  find   find

test:  generate rip coded for text header/value .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   transcripts
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the given markup for a filter .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the compiler library from falcon .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   config
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load a pickled object from the given filename .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   gcode
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  to   null

test:  run function with nested argument .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  returns calendar data .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   try

test:  return a friendly representation of the given hello character string .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  returns the set of lists in reducer .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  parses value of the given fields .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  load the samples given data .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  returns whether a user has a contributor groups .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  to   user
truth:  return   return

test:  return the sun of the return value of a chunk of data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  converts   scaling
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given the events in a prodoc file .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  send   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of attributes for a config file name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  generate a datetime object .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return method function object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for debugging 2 .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the process has redis successfully .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a random dict of second from the given dict of text objects .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   betweenness
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a wait for the state of the response .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can create the user update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test behaviour .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a neighbor form of a finance .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  attempt to split a list of unknown path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  find   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level cli .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove all the specified directories .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  evaluates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the hypergeometric standardized moment of the word in g .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  returns   difference
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of pcount groups for the port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a date format to a date object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  runs one or more existing args and run the result with the given args .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  runs   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  the most sockets isnt supported on this machine .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of objects from a dos/windows object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse the lowercase of a tree in breadth-first .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   uses
truth:  traverse   a

test:  renders the vulndb/data of markdown based on markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  takes the list comprehension of a list .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  splits   predicate
truth:  enforce   a

test:  returns the current newline formatted string .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts value into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  value   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi 'ipaddr' line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute i set of scalars matching the last image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  it should uninstall if installing from a broken files .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set up any given csv object for a file in a given csv .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  set   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that when permission_code is expected .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output output is intended correctly handles json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  return deltas value in the substitution variable .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  null   null

test:  formats the given unit as a translation .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  unpickles   coroutine
truth:  support   support

test:  return an array of the elements of array slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  list   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a unicode string from the passed in to g+ .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   replacement
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve list of receivers from the raw spatial : string of sender and signal number of receivers
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  translate a decorator to the given page and/or exception on the given model this match a specific model class .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a feature version of the document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  null   picks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the deb_postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  null   markdown
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  negative operation from operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main method .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  generate the directories and share the current kind and share the identity file .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  logs a string .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  return the public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  return   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  converts   replaces
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of bad epochs .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  compute a slice .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  fix   fix

test:  it should parse dict into a list of grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  output   output

test:  backwards to the given command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   path
truth:  run   run

test:  find auto increment fields .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   cluster
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the given style block size bytes to new-style bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   php
truth:  apply   standard

test:  prints an cost bar coordinates for random labels .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to expand a list of integer factors that would include the factor list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor filled with ones .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  generate   array
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the proxy .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  start   query
truth:  processes   a

test:  return the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate html frame into an example string .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for specified resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a single file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  open   a

test:  basic sdb update the standard deviations from standard samples this module .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  null   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list cursor .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   display
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the string from the links .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   cookie
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return standard deviation attributes from standard cosine attributes cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set the given group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   delete
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a tree between strings .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  append   column
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the nltk type for a tree of strings .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  helper to get spectrogram from the system .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  to   eliot
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the two random numbers .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  perform   implementation
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create new collection of movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the name of the package database .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run a command object .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  decode   runs
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string or byte string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   decorator
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the tenant access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   a

test:  list all of the zpool connections .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for recv_process .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  creates   key
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a tuple of the authentication and image .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  is   runs
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   access
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  view   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return cassandra information for grains of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  configures post/put data of a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  unserialize   null
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  calculate the zone object stage .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a constructor for a decoder for a fixed-width field .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bytes for the given file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  to   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  given the origin pyjs type .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  resizes an image to make an image of the image .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  pick   verifies
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns script name of the named user .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  package   return
truth:  returns   script

test:  returns the value of a single global configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate internal length of externally string .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  function to convert six from #589 this function to eq the right websocket this function will know the right process .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  to   comparablex509
truth:  null   a

test:  return the query 3986 as a url such as suggested .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  return   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary structure with the given shape and an object .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  return the text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the <pre> dataset is a valid word accepts both the <= and the rest .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  load   load

test:  does the given string into a list of signature .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the size of the given field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the password denied error message and the given password .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   indices
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute a function using a function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  given a cached size of a cached user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use the oslo_messaging to set slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  stores   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a new dictionary of dicts .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if user exists return if the given tenant or if the user does not exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  executes syslog-ng .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python values to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  null   method

test:  list the nopoliciesfound' principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   crash
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a string to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a dictionary of names and guess values .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   check
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  prepares a file to a given file-like object .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  selects   target
truth:  writes   null

test:  elementwise threadstate activation function .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  predicate   null
truth:  running   in

test:  locate archive file into a list of differential found __*__ return none if the following is a save function .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  locate   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return system information about the python module .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the default rownum size .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   authentication
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the first-time corner response at a given axes .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  null   a

test:  decorator that has a new instance of attribute .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  makes   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring decorated word and bracket values .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  return the files for the root directory and files that were modified a list of statements .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  load   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a schedule for a given module .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  works   null
truth:  list   a

test:  install the specified app by *nix/bsd an existing app .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   runs
truth:  install   a

test:  waits for command line by id .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a cluster with the given name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  returns   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  split a dataframe into a dataframe and a dataframe .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  display   convert
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make sure that a result is set and its name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses value to a boolean like 5 .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  read a position .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  show   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  adapt ssh private gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  configured   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a suitable version of the same redis as string .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects vision in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  load   image
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert a inet protobuf to a protocol .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the string link of desktop the document as otool .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for component .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  load a wsgi-compatible file .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that line already has not using hyphenshouldnotbespecifiedattheendofrand .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  returns list of available structure and signed using signed structure .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  -   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json representation .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the loaded module names on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests various 6 composite and their render() sockets .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   disk
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to add exception to an api function .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validates the given object as qpixmap but also validates the colors .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validates   privileges
truth:  validate   validate

test:  rather than weibull .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  outputs   a

test:  configure the job status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  configure   interface
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   kernel_arg_addr_space
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait until pid is running on a process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple wrapper around budget_allocation property .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a string or stream data into an http object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 for track 1 of the 2012 k]score if k is an computes .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  doctesting an image from a repository tag tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  define   tag
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  remove leading and gcm .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add link to download link .
truth: process one link . 
test:  link   return
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-commit(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to display any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the currently active app .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using satisfied using pytest .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right answer cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if header_name is an http/1 .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the string to an integer using the equivalent method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate the histogram of a histogram in pinhole .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   arguments
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  strips alignment for alignment through alignment syntax .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  pops   datetime
truth:  function   function

test:  test the use of remote urls .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  null   call
truth:  verify   null

test:  resolve the files and returns the pem object usually from a string of .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  resolve   list
truth:  remove   apk

test:  print a warning code and return the given status .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show the same hint as one should be displayed .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   message

test:  retrieve and display the latest response body for the given response body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a message from the given topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  save user to json file .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  export   use
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  revs general form of master thread .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   export
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries into a new dictionary .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test that the home args are raised when datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively set receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  set   null
truth:  do   null

test:  basic auth handler .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  clear   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs the proj plot on the proj log file .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the current problem attempts to the specified problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the display directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri bem directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the hash value denotes a fallback .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  set whether or error when freebsd is valid .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update an import by db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  filtered   import
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that adds a function to run once on a child thread .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  find the start and start one line of the form .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  turns   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to a signed integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  does not have an inline dns record .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  does   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp instance .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   method

test:  test stats for stats across the stats of the dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  estimate   fit
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator to produce a unicode type string from a unicode type .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete values of the given numpy are parsed from the array and that it does not own vs .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the passed locale string to execute localectl locale settings cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  casts the type of a casts into the string type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a new class instance access to the webserver class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  start   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  output the source tree from the file into the python version string .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test surface from surface .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   bem
truth:  reading   reading

test:  returns a indicate that the domain has a particular domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a exception object .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  exception   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   compatibility
truth:  socket   socket

test:  tries to find a css css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to convert a resource entry from resource log .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all command records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  do url-encode data parameters .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  is x either a b-spline or an type .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  is   urls
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  array   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for barcodes in standard dna characters also errors unless flags are errors empty checks if each list of dna and errors are errors .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield all the first collection and shrunk statements from a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  email email address of an account .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  email   null
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize time spec with a string with optional units .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  returns whether a package should be present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  instructs   check
truth:  return   return

test:  zones the config .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  disable   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a child pid for a child process .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   detach
truth:  create   create

test:  unzip and return the contents of the given filename .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  files   helper
truth:  object   object

test:  determine whether the provided code is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  to   code
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize the approximate test suite for bilinear .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  set   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if 'mdata-delete' is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple convenience method that attached to a start date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  append   network
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  confirm this module is running on a user .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  confirm   work
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a vectorspacesdataset wrapping a state which takes both state and train it for state of the layer .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of urls that are i{not} for iri .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the master has an sentinel host the name of the sentinel user to connect to the sentinel even if the sentinel build is already assigned to the sentinel
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  set   set

test:  add the given url to the campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert loops of the loops and store it in the loops loop .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  convert   details
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  poll shell-command until resource has a call to become share .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  return ansi escape and password .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a method object .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   get
truth:  load   a

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   entry
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row and save javascript for delete .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find files in s3 .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  create a rule for a higher .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  alignment   implementation
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if the given node has write access to the allow that do not have the base of the file .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get the current promo datetime as a 5-tuple .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  like   datetime
truth:  if   return

test:  attach channels of :(%) of output label .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  remove   log
truth:  null   utility

test:  always exit to minutes:seconds receivers .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all the ryu keys from cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  mark a task as emitting the task to finish .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  memory-hard the given string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save the distance file to the cluster .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   returns
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  resolve an image in the given format for matching the given format .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  reports   format
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  catch the exceptions in a line and return something immediately .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  passed   code
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns changes from changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parse the event file .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the steps from a multi-line string .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create the score described by setting the desired score to make possible values .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  translated   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test if slugify is not a slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a desired document to a request .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  limit   docker
truth:  null   image

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set camelcase and set camelcase config .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  perform   i
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if a given pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   os

test:  the restful handler for performing all the text data .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing values of fill_values column were not in fill_values columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the connections[using]connection itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  does   back
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string representation of the highest format as a string .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  returns a job containing all existing directory .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator making reuse method with a lazy call .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a users password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  returns a list of otu table from the otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  returns   otu
truth:  opens   null

test:  given a file and returns it .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a "package" .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager for the current context .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an l{twisted that checks the given auth name .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  return   function
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  scans the message with the lowest resets .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a sample configuration item .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  extracts   a

test:  recursively evaluate a fragment and/or hash .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  do   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test planck function from url .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extend cache flag to update related unit .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  cache   update
truth:  related   update

test:  initialize the fixing function .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  redirects to base package name .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  to   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return normalized groups for a relative level code .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an ordered subclass .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   fixtures
truth:  null   helper

test:  test sigma_clip of inverse_operator calls .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run command to execute command containing a given shell input input .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   runs
truth:  run   a

test:  get a list of elastic ip addresses from this regions name .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return a pip version string from the pip path specified by pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  version of thread .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  import   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the name of the given object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function wraps a function to be used in renders it .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  uniquely x along an axis zi .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  boolean   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test test version when running a python process .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   syntax
truth:  test   test

test:  from a given header tuple or file-like header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the licensemodel of other configuration submit .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  hook   sets
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert something into a string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  create   null
truth:  is   null

test:  executes cmd command line command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  specified   null

test:  read a sol chunks from a file object .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  read   read
truth:  look   null

test:  quote <> to be escaped for a quoted comment in a cookie and surrounds .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cumulative density function that can be used as an symmetric matrix .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace a safe replace an object for the given object where possible attribute will be an object *obj* .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  replace   classes
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   mne

test:  runs the module given the file instance and the zipfile list will be installed .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   up
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  release release environment variables by their py environment .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  mask regions of the most appropriate difference between 2 observations .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general type .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the base segment for a python source file extension .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute f for f of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns a list of all defined weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most appropriate version between two proxy objects for photo .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  if the first and a dummy value of a given axis is used from a given axis .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  generates   values
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by an generally string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the timeseries name of the first occurence of the -3 note: the current distances .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  parse a semicolon-separated object to a nested key .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return number of locale to make it format correctly formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a resource from an ec2 resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform of signal data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   cleanup
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  given a given latitude .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  thrift python data structure given a list of strings .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  value   a
truth:  read   data

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: always load . 
test:  let   null
truth:  load   load

test:  adds a unique id to be coerced .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new project and returns it .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   updates
truth:  create   a

test:  given a kml model .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set current software audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  selects   null

test:  user a hash from a requirements file that shows the end of a list of requirements names .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  if   test
truth:  make   null

test:  this is a native string or a native function as a native string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project files for project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given django .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if text contains bytes .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  delete an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform cflags of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  scan   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get serial rate / serial number of serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  simulates a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the local app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  used   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information about the users .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the given arithmetic arithmetic graph of the given iterable of inputs and returns the appropriate graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  associate   accepts
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  the signal-to-noise function .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  computes   null

test:  replace an certificate by the given certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  null   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator which external overrides the given function node that detect an extension node that detect are classmethod' .
truth: function type . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  append event data .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  append   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return texpath .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version of e .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  remove the specified long from the list of strings .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the main program .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  used   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  the given language code .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  creates an entry of the database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  creates   cache
truth:  returns   a

test:  show and return a list of name .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   details

test:  add content in the prefix to the clients .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn a streamhandler .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  turn   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get root parent if it does not exist .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  returns true if the given model is projection .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the contents of the specified file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that contains a single log .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   call
truth:  gets   null

test:  if the vm is loaded .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  initialize   entries
truth:  null   a

test:  write the offsets to a file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a generated paths for a file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   set
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the next datapoint is farther out in the series is farther than three standard deviations out of the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return host name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the well-formed angle from radiuscomplex .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates user title for project .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  allow   search
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  read file into encoding and encoding .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  file   file
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  returns the s representation of an object and it .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove file from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   value
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view the wiki document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   users
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns a list of supported volume codes .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that samphubproxy .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if there are submodules for submodules .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  if   null
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  list the custom rows for each dashboard hash and return the result .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  callback   loops
truth:  rows   rows

test:  get the string contained in a file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  get   version
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  writes registration report to a allow_cache .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  merges   router
truth:  renders   html

test:  generates a function that returns a module function about the argument tuple .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  to   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   update
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   sets
truth:  makes   null

test:  read an ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an qim file to create a png "mm" .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   function
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling the protobuf convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  check if f is an infinite polynomial of the given domain .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a json epochs .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp this plugin allows you to define a game that persistent using mtp plugin <blame+upstream+committers+plugin> .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a buffer to store base file .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  provide display of specific configuration object .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  null   update
truth:  set   set

test:  check if the given method is available into the state .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  if   execution
truth:  checks   checks

test:  text/encoding -> x support for disconnecting .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string containing specified pattern from the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local otsus threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an docstring .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test method .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  replaces a polynomial .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip is executed .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  return the string representation of a notes unicode .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  do a single private key .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  do   redirect
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json status code .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry geometry output by the xml element .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  query query results .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  query   checks
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if the public unicode string exist .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  return   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns normalized value of the maximum mean mean .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  normalized   threshold
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials file to a file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  test that api .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  test   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test ['g keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get list of properties given the given openid .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  add average variables to the training map .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  null   distance

test:  partpath all the models build file .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a password .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  delete a table .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to a quoted string and characters .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the progress dict for the given minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   update
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  we want to pass in the topic qos .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the traversal spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  checks if the file system on partition <minor> has any errors .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  validates   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  return information about policies .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   back
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  enables the given image into the instance of this module .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  debug   uploads
truth:  fakes   null

test:  compute the square root part of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  compute   host
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement type b section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find the contents of a given list of chunks by adding some chunks of input into the given list of chunks .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   use
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   key_dependency
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  return the file or pil coefficient .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   f
truth:  get   get

test:  parses full tree list .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  execute the cci instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse text .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  text   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all items in a which are not in b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   os
truth:  union   union

test:  return a draft with the given draft .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  return   package
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an http link which will match for various link in the feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare the data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  yields all file name .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  return   files
truth:  yield   null

test:  create synthetic nn process parameters steps : ndarray t : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  create   key
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python version as tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute rgb of slack .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  compute   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  embed a key .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -> remote .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor modules to all registered modules .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an empty collection object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   prebuild
truth:  create   a

test:  if value is a list of paths to paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  value   a
truth:  is   null

test:  tell csf reload cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  tell   wrapper
truth:  restart   csf

test:  registers any email address and an email address .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  registers   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the variance of the metric function for tpot .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decorator that allow a task to see if given time has a time .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the chosen statement from the given 'alt' .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  open a socket socket on the given port and return an open port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  redirects to /{{=request .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length from a file into a python file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of all available kernel names .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the vdi and returns the reference reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a generate code and generate a base record .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten the given iterator .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  function   function

test:  creates the user token .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an new service and return a new host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  recursively copy an object from a list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  sort   list
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the executable share the current host .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  function to check version if version is installed and the version of the version >= by the module .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a statements .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  perform   wrapper
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove the color link from the beginning of a remote manner .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check that all removed .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   localization
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this block and the corresponding pending .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  create missing data as a inclusive instance from the given format of a file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  create   information
truth:  render   a

test:  a coroutine for getting a database .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove double and trailing whitespace from strings .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fix a hmac .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  value   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of command arguments for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the given text such that it is fixes into some of its objectcontent .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of escape without further each other .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  function   set
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve thread according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   node
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  is   find
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle all list of list by the following: in the input list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the smtp setting for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if no file as installed .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  simplified   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a datetime .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  take   action

test:  strips all nodes and files .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  domain   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  email email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  email   username
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a expression; value to a datetime object .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  take   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a pointer file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user reviewer for the given server .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a unsafe object .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parse the bokeh exception .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  null   class

test:  return a single cpu sample of x .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   seed
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user has the given name args: obj_name : this group name to true if the user to check returns: str: a certain group has the admin group
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the list of all available pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  tags the wiki tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  list   display
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return gateway info of g .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns last whitespace in given line containing querying use with last whitespace .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  calls regression the value given a tensor .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set translation for source .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  set   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary representation of the vif for the mnist .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   dumps
truth:  builds   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a month .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  given   a

test:  convert value to a string from set_cookie and return value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of u'parser .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return an instance of local prefixes on local sense .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  to   working
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the secret key for this ec2 .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like |safe .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  pass   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  microsoft fitting for id .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform a mac record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  generates a list of tuples for the given file .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  create a fake key for a function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that we have something and right sparseseries are internal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export the gcode text .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text with hidden locales and post data .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  event mnist .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  a decorator that marks a function or check class .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  return the current utc list .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  list   list

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  null   subscription
truth:  null   standard

test:  takes online html attributes and returns a tuple of the generated by their online spec .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if a complex string appears in any other characters .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  a splits the user to return the heatmap .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  remove   token
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the visible public file .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should temporarily override context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a wrapper around cheatsheets this library .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we need to mock json file .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the specified milestones for the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   adjust
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with simple java should not be able to make sure all quantized .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  to   reading
truth:  null   null

test:  equivalent to the user-specific cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  dump the default stack into the file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   routine
truth:  dump   a

test:  finds and find an package in which the given package is found .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   package
truth:  look   null

test:  stop a container via its minion cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert knots into a list of indices .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  invalidate/re-validate -> httpresponse get an state .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length of the given length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a given ref string in a1 notation to a a1 row string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a signed time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  return the tagger ver2 date of the employee for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a unique layer of the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  recursive   refs
truth:  clear   null

test:  download templates .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the value of the specified key .
truth: get a value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  yield chunk parsed from a file-like object .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  chunks   wrapper
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns a hash of the users revision hash algorithm .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of adjacency nodes from jit graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   product
truth:  return   data

test:  wraps mapreduce in failure to catch debugging on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  shows a logged view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  add a user group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   read
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  the mode should be done by loading the mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  tell   null

test:  create an tests file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   python

test:  returns a elapsed date and time from now .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a lexer that automatically have a lexers .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  images by correction .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  null   =
truth:  blend   blend

test:  argument that returns a prototype .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  null   lines
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that a python module is platform .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  assert   assert

test:  create a deprecated message .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable credentials for the selected certificate provider .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the next union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  utility method to patch the {'general' section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the length of a new semi token from the salt of its stuff .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  watch   factory
truth:  null   resource

test:  determine if the specified signature is found .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  case the bound to its current thread .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   process
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup an user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  prompt   settings
truth:  null   null

test:  frees a cursor from its name database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and the text string if any .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all languages in a given format .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for methods in launchpad a function so the resulting context .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set up the jid on a specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a dict and a dictionary of dicts .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get obj: section 9 .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert counters into the group .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  load the environment variable and return it .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  initializes   use
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  mark an option as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  mark   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is a post_save day during the typing - i .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  is   progress
truth:  check   correctness

test:  parses nt program into namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  finds   format
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  return   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  return the codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   zpool
truth:  provides   null

test:  return the items of an iterable paired with its next item .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   s
truth:  s   s

test:  does basic offset of a tcl number .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  access   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if a vowels syllable is a short syllable .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   word

test:  test source computation .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   gaps
truth:  test   mne

test:  generate a string .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the positions of *a* using the vectors positions .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   standard
truth:  null   norm

test:  a decorator for service .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   checks
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is a dmcrypt path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constant gl namespace should have constant .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams in non-crlf .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  redirect a single zip file at an http response name .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  function   method
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max padding layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  runs the given command and returns the result .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  runs   display
truth:  run   cmd

test:  returns a random bgzftry file and open in an error format as a tuple .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over a collection of timestamp .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their associated values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  handle the time with the connection system .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  check   check

test:  if unicode is a single string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   replace
truth:  pack   pack

test:  tell i is a method name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  tell   return
truth:  fix   method

test:  retrieve disk attached to a given disk format .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  known   a
truth:  given   a

test:  if func is true .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate bytes from responses and return a python object ready for decorating .
truth: convert response . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   response

test:  calculate spherical length for given enumerates .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  if   custom
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns dictionary from graphviz in graphviz format using github it .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  return   name
truth:  create   node

test:  the constructor will release utf-8 has a release with place .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mininet install of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the pci filenames for the given path .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check value of a value in the specified doc .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  check   dict
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically return a network that does not exist .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  null   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   restore
truth:  null   network

test:  return merge model object .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  sets the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  give   subreddits
truth:  set   set

test:  update event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  list   event
truth:  return   return

test:  runs one or more command command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   packages
truth:  install   a

test:  wrap python cache files used to change the path .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  get   get

test:  the main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   bson
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current rights index for the given collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper function to reload an nginx module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  aux function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  prints out an xml string to the given indentation .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  dump   null

test:  create a jupyter form .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  validates that the provided name is a valid comparison .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two points .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   move
truth:  computes   null

test:  add bottom with right removed from the qsortfilterproxymodel .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  move   add
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set redis configuration .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get text display of ansi colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   text
truth:  add   syntax

test:  difference of gpg .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  create and save data with multiple applications for data .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts amount of int to int .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  run a package expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  restart   runs
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and build the requested cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone name for a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  return a natural user based on its username and natural .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  takes an entire fastq file and returns an iterator of illumina readings .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   host
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove any string in the given string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  string   translate
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the number of constant and constant operations .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that returns the json-encoded view as a json-encoded string .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a block is available .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the given master to the specified master domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  converts   setup
truth:  save   null

test:  if no longer than a 2d type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  if   tag
truth:  get   a

test:  a helper function which looks for user from the web api .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  list   null
truth:  to   try

test:  make sure that a given object is json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates a collection of the given collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  the leakyrelu function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   null

test:  copy elements in the provided element .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  get revision documents .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  wipe   properties
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if indentation is non-empty .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensures that all alarm events are not equal .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic a function .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns an iterable of paths .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpack a dataframe at the given data .
truth: object factory . 
test:  have   virtual
truth:  object   factory

test:  return a dict mapping data names to their grains .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  yield all an iterable of an iterable of .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg function .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  unused -> iterator arguments: a string with the associated values .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  list all folders in place of specified group .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces dictionary to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import module in module format for a all modules .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  test   test

test:  is this a recognized service name .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  is   package
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the given certificate name the given certificate store to the given certificate store the certificate to remove from .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  annotations logger can be provided .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used to identify .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process each results of a full results in an existing directory .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   validates
truth:  computes   null

test:  prepare string to be used in string js command line .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  runs ansi changes .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  list   prints
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  for x .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a given stream to reach the specified stream client .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the version and returns a version used and the version .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  server   null
truth:  to   null

test:  iterate over all the given field classes .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  escapes   null

test:  computes the number of scalars .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ipv4 ip address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy the specified orm .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  test if object is a string .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  iterates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate the given list of strings .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get bottom with overhangs removed .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return arma representation of ar and no longer than the live ar .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   section
truth:  get   get

test:  returns absolute path of conda directories for backward .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of models for each group in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  extends socket .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  socket   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  loads the full plugin string from a cache file in the provided plugin frame .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string to a list of articles .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of discovery or discovery service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  finds a refif reference from the destroys given a name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry tasks specified by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  wipe   task
truth:  documents   documents

test:  get an album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the given domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  run   new
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the system path as a real version of the file .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all logging calls to stop via cache .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   log
truth:  null   null

test:  create user from varchar by user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the fasta labels and exact fasta labels need to exact tcp fasta file in fasta information about fasta if the fasta fasta is already installed .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  python test program .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate of block_device_mapping from table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  installs   port
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns true if the sympy function matches a ask .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  clears out the current user .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clears   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  load fixture .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method for neighboring an array of points in a collection .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  decorator for setting kwargs by the class decorator classes to be enabled and .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  change true if timessettobeupdatedonfile{ exists cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  change   a
truth:  to   check

test:  imports -> block .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  return a dict of python extensions for given forms .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  create   a

test:  inverse of fourier fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for the undohandle format as a generator value .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   program
truth:  breaks   up

test:  sets the rules used for the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  set   set

test:  coerce unicode bytes to bytestrings on python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  coerce   unicode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of api queue names .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  list   working
truth:  access   access

test:  returns a random integer value that has a defined time .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint but generates a sequence of disjoint elements of disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  call both function and prevent multiple threads from function signature .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  matcher   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  do not y .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  do   shorthand
truth:  change   change

test:  confine this module to debian darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect translations from a list of modules and merge them into a string representation .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   find
truth:  return   a

test:  delete code with versions from a given version .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  listen   versions
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the generation module with a particular exit code .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  build   integrity
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that we can still work correctly with wrong text .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  resets the value of a manifest .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  dataframe   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return message with a specific connection .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  do   function
truth:  send   send

test:  remove search database .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  wants   try
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get a instance of the alarm cluster .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure that a version is set and has at least one of the execution .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  establish a new redis connection .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  establish   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the value rounded to the set of strings .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   float
truth:  align   a

test:  return a list of valid random subset and/or any individuals parameters individuals : int number of individuals but is flows over the logging or subsequence .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests if a duplicate quality mutes/unmutes mutes/unmutes layer .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   mapping
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches comparator .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  public interface to the copying keyword arguments .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  null   function
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new permission .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   up
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the integers looks like unbound .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  list all nopoliciesfound' flag .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  yield all plugins to the twisted interface and generator that are considered .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  yield   implementation
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  delete all those v2 .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  delete   change
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the utc request offset .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope adds the job to generate fingerprints as build steps instead of a build step .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  in a file .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the sum of the given mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  optimized   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the token from a dict and return its content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  return a system stub for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  return   number
truth:  stats   stats

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed sendundo .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes a positive compliant negative value .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the compiled option from the first option of the given object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in the time-domain map for deprecated .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   create
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  used for command-line argument value with stackoverflow shell command line size when imported were passed .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  used   option
truth:  look   null

test:  attempt to mark generator as requiring *char* if available .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the gamma between two terms of gamma .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the string with all sequences of whitespace removed .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  cast a numpy array to a numpy array type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate "keys" lines of a line containing all items .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  run run process .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run execution of the specified wrapper .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  the entry point for the script .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  if   null

test:  same as a monomial b .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the argparse .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update the entire client from root .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  release   list
truth:  export   export

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  computes the commandlineinterface .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  project   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  read bytes from a file object as returned by a bytestring .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory body from json .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  call road -- gpu gpu from correctly with constructor parameters in the following order: * function works as the result of gpu gpu .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  insert   asserts
truth:  error   error

test:  returns the tensorflow centers for a given target .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   query
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze is not found .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  find a process in the first argument .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  get a string from a member .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  appends   parse
truth:  list   list

test:  get list of allocated to include the hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  merge the url from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  update   update

test:  shared shared variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of the given number of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if a particular magic is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  try to retrieve a list of all server servers from the server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  to   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  finds the sample file for the given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  computes the specified policy string .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search output formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorator to mock input is the main test with a single interface .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  replace   replace

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  take a string with a unicode string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  transforms   function
truth:  string   string

test:  gets a string representation of a container name .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   inject

test:  course a service client and checkout parameters may have the checkout with the given new saved for the checkout .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all available hosts .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  list filesystem or usernames in a eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict of failed group using messages from group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control client .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  dict:: string .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   subjectselector
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns a string using an absolute cube_name if the absolute number of absolute values are displayed in the same direction as defined in the string passed in .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  return   scheme

test:  evaluate the :py:class:datetime onto the specified vector .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  evaluate   bunch
truth:  changes   changes

test:  marked %u .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  sets the version to the 'letsencrypt' script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  sets   environment
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  null   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  perform the entire graph seconds .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  perform   square
truth:  quantize   a

test:  formats the size for a file type .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a value for the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  initiate a requests request for each url .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  sends   error
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  take the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' for model handling on model with shared updates .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   model
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon by top and built .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   polygon
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a path for the named tool or a executables .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  full url to update the full url if it is active or the full url given the request environment variable .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  null   a

test:  the main test method .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  test   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  clear message on all form .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object into a datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the extrusion clip .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   fee
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which we get correctly decomposition of the docstrings on deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the version numbers based on exchanges .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   exception
truth:  check   check

test:  moto a list .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  does   decorator
truth:  null   replacement

test:  the container is stopped .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates the list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent from the given directory that were moved to the files for insert the files and :class:filemovedevent .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  restore a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  document   checks
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  yaml dump an yaml representation .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a function and returns the last expressed .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  from the inverse list .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a file to the url based on the provided url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   sequence

test:  adds the tweets from a reply file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  exception   list
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode an image encoded string into a base64 encoded image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a series of a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   series
truth:  search   series

test:  check points to the given points .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  preprocesses   fits
truth:  starting   starting

test:  set the static-related configuration to the command line cached table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme of a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns empty response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  call (which .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  define   chooser
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator to add a handler to an existing class:: .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all tasks for the specified migration filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  return   params
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  validates the request for the first request type .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  formats the string of invalid reviews into when multiple times .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  copies   part
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a 1085102592571150095 bit set to 1085102592571150095 bits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  count   count

test:  sets the changes to the locale will be stored in minutes .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns metadata from xml schema .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all folder names .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  flatten   imports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns full path for full file .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  like decimal128 .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  take a list of blocks and merge it into an ordereddict of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  retrieve access access list for a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieve   user
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  reads an image instance from a python file or subclass data .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the bytes at a kind of kind and optionally our kind .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an apache site to be installed .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  require   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of resource string for the given source string .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compute source estimate between subjects and server-side .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all tests which are found .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  enable an nginx service to use for the system .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  enable   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  function   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that translates a function into a language string .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns the source for grep to a command and put the version cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns list with regex and an empty value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  filters   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  raises skiptest if not found .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert the given link into dest .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the address from instance: address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  return   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  to   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove the rational tasks .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  compare   contents

test:  return the value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  return array of v2 spec to v2 byte arrays .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert image array objects to pil image .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the absolute value .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether it can be supported .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the exponential vector of the passed in a 2-d format .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  compute a selected warnings .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam a question to an associated question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  review   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon with the status file can be used .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  create a named template object from a **valmap template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  create   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  check if there are a member in member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  check   return
truth:  string   string

test:  load an entry from an existing file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get index lists from the loop and add the loop to the x intersection index inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a filter hash of 20 chunk of 20 calls in 20 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  if   null

test:  if the ip address for the given ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  this is an iterable of arrays such that the leading value can be used by the returned by the caffe .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function parses namespaces and returns a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  loads   apply
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check two urls of coordinate graph calls .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file plural are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  runs   target
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the local test token from the current object .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return whether the given server is made on this machine .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms page of the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  uploads the virtualenv to the virtualenv .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   os
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup setup logger in the running domain if missing .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  build   build

test:  wait for command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  output   system
truth:  executes   a

test:  return an rgb color based on the labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an hessian with a point from a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns type type object .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the git closing time zone .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the time naive for a specific time object .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  time   time
truth:  modified   get

test:  return true if the labels can be filled as a mpls labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  label   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return no prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  remove   factory
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that non logic values passed to numpy and bad arguments .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy data from a model instance to the model class .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   inverse
truth:  copy   a

test:  error if value is currently only here that it will use the default connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  compute standard action .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  compute   guess
truth:  test   test

test:  flattened .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process and all of its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  copy an image of image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  internal routine to join left and join it .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  update sys .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  translates a docker file name into a httreplay .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  translates   split
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get an path or directory .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run collect hook .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  run   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  reads the contents of the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  check if filename is kb in a file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   read
truth:  reading   reading

test:  create a new search for a certain galaxy domain .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  read an ssh file in settings .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  return primary key name for the systemd object .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple test function for the signing_server module .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function which wraps the result in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sometimes you provide a single unicode ///' if url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  fix   url
truth:  null   null

test:  create file directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  create a step job ids from step ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  create   key
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the given sequence of this xblocks .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize the decorated function from the argument of a function specified by seconds .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  writes a whole file into a interpretation .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   part

test:  return a list of tests where each row is currently sorted .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   type

test:  takes a list of strings and returns true if all the passed keywords .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  takes   handle
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  attempt to initialize a matcher or list of seconds .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  make   build
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted points of roads roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  known   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the authorization like 5 .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_forward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  install and configure an python tree .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list files in the markdown file .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  list   log
truth:  print   print

test:  clear update objects .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  load the sample images from the same directory and returns a list of images .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary tensor of the list of scalars .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   log
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of enabled checks .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  return   data
truth:  warn   null

test:  returns the base url for the given url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the absolute error .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  take the specified number and normalize a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  take   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return error message for the provided complex .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  error   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause the named media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   movie
truth:  pause   pause

test:  same as lower-endian .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  null   null
truth:  =   =

test:  compute square-free sturm[ of a square-free diff .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove xml keys from a string containing xml tree .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  remove   xml
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add event object to new keys and add the value to event .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   files
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure out of a figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  return the key for the given site settings .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  set some http headers across all http responses .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add a ssl servicegroup to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  runs no config files within a jinja environment .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  runs   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns a wsgi pipeline object .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  get current boot settings .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a python program as an passed args and applies it to .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  takes   rule
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  tests that a non-existing bar works correctly ensures that a mailserver is created correctly ensures that a mailserver of frames .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns the information network .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  is   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of all files listed in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  associate registration .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  hard a value for the weights that are stored in a particular variable .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  indicates   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip a test if it uses the beginning and its shortcut .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  a fake site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  render   find
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes a sequence of dicts and returns them .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a control file to the given server .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  upload   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an uninterpolated path of current time a file .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test link from a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  name   name

test:  hot filter until we can find out of colors .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  find   number
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned from a specified job id .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  return bottom rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  either an expression or fermionic operators in the expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  write   null

test:  takes a string and returns the contents of a web block with gcc .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  takes   tags
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute named event on semantic .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  a version of :key .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class class for display .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a tuple of the data .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  queries a two expression .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  queries   integer
truth:  searches   bing

test:  create a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  return a dovado list string from that fail .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the given message was logged .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  trivial   a
truth:  null   null

test:  use this rate:% that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  return a new request query response body based on the result defined by the response code .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the given model name from normal reference .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   reader
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arcsin function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the default weight for inception models .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup writeable certificate certificate with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  server   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  like rms .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  copy   class
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  is this a string a list of strings .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  is   number
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   get
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  if attribute is given as a dictionary .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  is   null
truth:  format   format

test:  handle a blaze expression .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  launch a set of id for the given process .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  setup   try
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return all the subset of the dict kwargs from a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode non-ascii characters in a default url .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  patched   method
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import a module version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  get users for all users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  get   send
truth:  set   users

test:  equivalent of a directory .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it should have any features from the feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  requires   program
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided url belongs to stackoverflow url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a sample sample without the random characters .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the current model class .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  gets authorized auth .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the current application document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap alterations paragraphs with the length of a valuation .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  wrap   check
truth:  using   null

test:  decorate a new function which maps to new version of a given function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of dictionaries for every argument .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  get   a

test:  run a test suite of a test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  run   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up stdout for the given function .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  guess   use
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair of the dot product of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  for titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the specified instance is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   path
truth:  if   null

test:  add the close to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  selected   pull
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the contents of the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  read a file from the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  is   path
truth:  content   content

test:  do log stupid metadata of the request header note that the response is the first request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  do   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write the given filename to a text filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  find unicode character from triangular string .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  aborts execution and the requests url for http fetch .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  maps   function
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates the supplied arguments in the current value of the integer type .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  outputs   convert
truth:  throws   null

test:  make unique id from the deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  format an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  format   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test if we are able to make this module .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   output
truth:  print   print

test:  turns an overriding message to multiple flags .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  require   build
truth:  update   a

test:  return a render version .
truth: error view . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a word for compatibility with the given word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  create context .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete id"{ parameters cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of dependencies from the given iterable of dependencies .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the multi-dimensional filter filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests suggestion gets the http unit .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log context with the last word .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  debugging   log
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for current process .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   run
truth:  map   map

test:  test attempts to search credentials .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  do   try
truth:  extract   info

test:  make sure that astropys the test does nothing but this does nothing but the test has changed .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  issue   time
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the list to the current file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  save   null

test:  return review registry for review request .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the disk usage of a path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse <phrase> -- search for <song> .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  write each stream for ospf markers .
truth: print with color . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  print   print

test:  return the sign file .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator to return a python mock installed versions of the execution module .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  if   checks

test:  finds an xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  finds   create
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we are able to show an number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  git   version
truth:  test   test

test:  publish a list of all resources .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  prepare   null

test:  replace all data on a node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted dotted quad to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  create parameters defined for bond and build ifupdown2 .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  create   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  get updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  produce a json object for the given object .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  generic function .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  name   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  when the widget is blocking .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   provider_factory
truth:  link   a

test:  approximation to local image using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list templates from data and png blocking .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   ret

test:  this function implements an httpresponse with some error content .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  rq this function is running using the reader .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  shut   prefix
truth:  runs   runs

test:  pids the pattern that need to be checked out of source .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  loop   generation
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns the logarithm of a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the forward correlation coefficient and q .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost was 1 for given points .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   init_declarator_list
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  construct the urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that all inverse setting of djangosnippets when inverse values of djangosnippets .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns the python object corresponding to the cache code .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test clauses without clauses .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  bind   datetime
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs rank on the same type .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  performs   implementation
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  implement an nrt_decref in the given thread-local .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  implement   tests
truth:  call   call

test:  display a tool shed tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirect 6 .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  formats   links
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the parent of a remote file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  return   try
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint information for a experiment directory .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  wraps a view so that its response will always be true on the server manager .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create elements from heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  reverses   split
truth:  calls   calls

test:  open file from a file-like object .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a dictionary containing the inputs in inputs so we can load the schemes value of the inputs in an inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an your message to a channel channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  issue wcs the wcs path_info at the given coordinates .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a list of user or which have a single value: .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   user
truth:  validate   a

test:  this is needed to convert an s3 key to key given by aws access code .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  is   s3
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the kth distance between nodes .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  recursive   host
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of weekday .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  produces   a

test:  validates the enforces values passed in this module to the named graph .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the course milestones for the course specified by course_key .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   patches
truth:  rank   rank

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not the argument is an open int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string format into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  quote a indentation by eliminating .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  find   text
truth:  given   indent

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same no sequence appears at seq_possibilities returns * best_hit no sequence is same length no sequence .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  sum   version
truth:  finds   null

test:  list the the requesting home page entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  list   default
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip a test with a url .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   user

test:  make sure a yaml yaml is unicode .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  null   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  return current video subtitle .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return 8bit dict of bytes read from a mime file .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  return   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find a user name for the current user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  look   null
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event by sending the server and a specified instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shuts   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  create new companies with company notation .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache decorator to help passing function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  caching   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a valid index table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the value of all given length parameters .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   host
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a save .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  should raise an exception if given path if it cannot find .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  print a 2d tree at each of the given tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper for getting the unicode file contents .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user and remove a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable the name for the route53 dtyped .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   something
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  a system-v style service is assumed disabled if there are no script must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   msg
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates the given field from a given field in duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns user directory for user assigned to 1 .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  problem the list of 1s matching parameters used by 1s .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  resizes   worker
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove python modules from a memcache .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  remove   print
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove directory with current files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send about a service about a notification .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  connect all ssl sessions by loading /shutdown .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a dictionary of the elements of a list of strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return a filter object matching the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get flags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd that would have the same state .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  a no-op {% url .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an label value with potentially .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  wrap   utility
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   gradient

test:  update combo and push the like: information for an user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  draw the (mod) components of an edgecolors[color canvas .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   one
truth:  color   channels

test:  given the python namespace .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  given   import
truth:  import   import

test:  return the insteon of datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  true if the router is an owner .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  create a list of key pairs from the provided key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  generate segments from a pair of email addresses in mailchimp caused email .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parse the query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  privkey batch connections to be available on a loader .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  batch   use
truth:  return   a

test:  load a path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  we dont option ids that should never be sent as proxies .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the case of the case .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  return   set
truth:  checks   checks

test:  takes a sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  deserializes a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  serializes   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of nodes whose k is a __file__ .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the string with any non-empty characters removed by adding any non-empty characters found in a string with single portage/overlay that are non-empty text .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  unicode   escape
truth:  null   replacement

test:  like iter_fiels but returns a list of strings .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  checks two rows in first image - a single line - a constant value - a line - that card are not too lines - actually very other elements of
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   check
truth:  plot   plot

test:  gets a value .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  given   null

test:  execute stats for being detected by stats .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  execute   crud
truth:  request   worker

test:  check if arguments are not already exists .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  if   error
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the image with disk or disk image contains disk if image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the specified client type .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   cache
truth:  creates   null

test:  create skeleton skeleton .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns true if the type is a class type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  takes a list of html header strings .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the managed file from the console .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   output
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type for the keys type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a key from the datastore .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  generate   reference
truth:  convert   a

test:  test that a dataset uses a recurrent .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the number of edges of a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dont use will check the type should appear on the display .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  socket   obj
truth:  following   following

test:  extract messages from a xml file .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a task to the reserved state .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  show the unicode string containing the current setting for xml type .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  handle   parameters
truth:  is   null

test:  raises error if user is not being recorded .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the first subject for the given source .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  s   version
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from a single requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scan the given cache of a given file .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do some escape validation function .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  do   try
truth:  null   versions

test:  finds the file open its database .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  finds   open
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a key name to the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a datetime object into the differences dictionary .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of images for imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  the ribes of s3 sentence .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the function object .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the correct system command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return dictionary of mixing matrix for numeric consumption .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  dictionary   differences
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove a certificate from a certificate file this can be installed the certificate to return the certificate file under cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  updating   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  if   permissions
truth:  start   start

test:  differences differences but keeps file to path .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find properties for the human readable image .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user for a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decorator to enforce logging request and ioerror error .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  to   equivalent
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a set of figure with x numbers as a string .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if atom is a string .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if an upstart service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap a string to a random string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of the host assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of all of the available file in the given environment .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given the weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  given   compile
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal ca equation .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg that are currently enabled by the test .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create windows .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns host string with no components .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  host   method
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  raise a valid range file from a range that contains no requirement argument .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if we are invalid for invalid the category of a token .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  does   null
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return the package object of a file .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a regularization instance .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add suggestion by a multistring user .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  add   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images by the new image .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save a new model id .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  gets information about the requested dns requests .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse data from the server .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  get   cluster

test:  a valid version of valid to check version cli example: .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  render   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of the files names .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   display
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common having the index in a set of shapes .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw dataset .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  run the testsuite suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   python
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  return translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  return   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this is a histogram of statement .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the receivers of the x for a .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  list submodules .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hostnames list of hosts and user names from the zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  get   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if mode is a closed that should be written .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse jquerys facts args: fact : provider name of fact to use for network tags cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   list
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a domain object to entirely .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  check that all requests errors are also handle to the cookiejar page .
truth: download a file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume group and take its status .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  unmount   users
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return an array of numpy arguments .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   wrapper
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with cross product of cross product of cross product .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  test adding conjugate-transpose to sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  start 1 d chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  color   n
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: reshape to convert channels into a tensor of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  function   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  a inverse of more classes of a mapping here that corresponds like a mapping .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  ignore warnings which handles one of warnings when it is called .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  synchronize   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of a given entry in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get all points in the stl given stl .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  get   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the tile .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  using   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  runs a back reference to given arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check remains in the given width .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  testing   information
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to find all realm records for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   display
truth:  get   get

test:  long legged doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   baby

test:  given a block device format and write it to the corresponding object .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  take   image
truth:  format   multiple

test:  resolve and updates untracked output by use .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  resolve   value
truth:  check   check

test:  parse file into json serialization and json serialization .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  file   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  extracts the beginning of a file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a cyclic list of the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   digraph
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  the pagination delete all pagination .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  null   request
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   normalize
truth:  kill   kill

test:  tell the given module to load a module from the given app .
truth: in apps . 
test:  tell   reload
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restore multiple option values from a string value .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create or create a new block of hadoop cleaned up to the client of the hadoop client by replacing the client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  divide sample permutations from a list l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  list   list

test:  shows out the levi-civita symbol .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  shows   wrapper
truth:  lay   null

test:  main function for lb terms of expired terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return vertices of nodes in a projected or elb .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return github api .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  mock conversion of python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  encode   in

test:  do a django locale .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  do   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   memcache
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert unicode or individual typed to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function object c{obj} as a list of fields of the provided field names .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for parsing the escaped string with slashes cli example: .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  configure the annotations for the given state on the page .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return dictionary of key and key for a given dictionary of key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  return   transfer
truth:  make   null

test:  make nested sequences to 1 .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  turn   stack
truth:  null   element

test:  convert the given shape and length .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  null   complex
truth:  null   helper

test:  determine if theres a class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generates the standard out of the current tensor .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   current

test:  return the id of the primary group that owns a given file this function will get the rarely used primary group of a file or directory of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute and parse the module if it is supported .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  execute   call
truth:  check   check

test:  update a receipt for the given data .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  update   null
truth:  reissues   null

test:  enforce an attribute value for the given ascii string .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  enforce   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  checks if a cache file matches the given path .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  if   get
truth:  looks   null

test:  sends data to a file in path .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  dump   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for bind requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  turn and restful crud controller into 4 - constructs the module solid .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  turn   pdf
truth:  to   controller

test:  returns a list of required fields for the given widget .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return a program usage .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  check   render
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if lhs is a valid lhs or false otherwise .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  filtering   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes information about the */\n#define to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return inode usage information and what type is valid cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   server
truth:  show   show

test:  print message to stderr .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  wrapper around arguments .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  send   send

test:  read in a file from the system starting with a numeric file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   function

test:  returns configuration profile profile with profile with signature .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the full file to the trees in ten imports .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get and check nonetruncated group document .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  convenience method to generate json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   json
truth:  generate   a

test:  draw a "agg" travelled .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  attribute   string
truth:  string   string

test:  converts a windows absolute path to a filesystem message .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   attempt
truth:  converts   converts

test:  recursively return up the path of a reparse .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize the decorated function or method .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  test   methods
truth:  prevents   null

test:  valid unicode .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  ordlist(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of substring capitalized .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the code has any labelled y .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  basic access statement .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  prints   url
truth:  consume   messages

test:  given a instructions name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new cookie function .
truth: start a new . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check if filename is an http test .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  squared squared selectors from gl min[ + .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   header
truth:  draw   null

test:  transforms methods on the 400 requests .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns formatted string representation of a database .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return version string for the migration version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates local track if were already there .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  undo   os
truth:  sets   sets

test:  for functions that return c_void_p .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the shortest transform for a filesystem or zipfile .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two strings .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  swap   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  return true if the object passed to the given object .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi escape from all ansi color codes .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   ansi
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g has no edges in g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the generated fpathelse in the given directory .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   find
truth:  file   file

test:  return 2d dict of text separated file and the rest of the requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  return   gml
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  append   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  neat the database .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  returns an application name and a module for the installed application on the given application module .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  true if a variable has a negative attribute on a given ipv6 .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all items .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  return   support
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update host for host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  include   include

test:  does this image have a subset of strings .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  name   map
truth:  error   error

test:  convert the query envisalink to a collection of the entire debug groups .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  like   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value to utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the users preferred users from salt .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns whether flavor should be able to translate the provider .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  start a local server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   access
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass passed values to the one set of the values passed to pass via defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the merge to be enabled .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  setup   vms
truth:  context   manager

test:  sequence sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   values

test:  returns true if the minion is running .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  sets up the location of (available and l{loopbacktlsconnectioninmemory} .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  sets   default
truth:  stripping   null

test:  generate an object holding the jenkins replacement for the given object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  generate   override
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create mutable binding .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   sql
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test if a test is skip .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  for backwards compatibility .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of all sql commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   calculate
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  auxiliary is a scalar function which returns false if x and y are equal .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  is   handles
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads temporary class names of fisher .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test if the messages size of the given thread .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  imports an object and return the attribute/class object in a string representation .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  null   django

test:  test method .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  produce the list of columns based on a particular dataset .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   override
truth:  format   items

test:  translate two arrays .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test basic support .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  split a pre-processed if a given filepath and return a python object .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  detect   print
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the unlink_identity factorization of x .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  construct   a

test:  simple wrapper for views that require user to be treated if it exists .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  just like send_catch_log conv2d .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts a dict from a fake compatible dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  try   export
truth:  takes   a

test:  search for search system .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  search   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the cuda data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generator repeatedly a dictionary with keys and set of relevant objects as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  preferred   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  in case of tables .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  null   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  return a dummy coach that will be used to test django 1 .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the contents to the line .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  returns first email address for user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  email   user
truth:  view   view

test:  removes the proper file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  turn a string into a ['false' .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  turn   version
truth:  parse   parse

test:  print a string representation of an xml document .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  print   get
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generates a unique egg for a egg or mnist .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the parameters of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates a tensor .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  find last index .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the insteon platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses the given header into a tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  read a archive file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  extract   url
truth:  download   download

test:  an object compiled for an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   check

test:  build an do project .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  create percentage of channels .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  create   return
truth:  receives   null

test:  test the current matrix of the current matrix .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  returns a new batch with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test stored model keys and their time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  test   items
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  when we should use keys of a list of integers .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  split   split

test:  transforms the given function to bins .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  func   numbers
truth:  func   func

test:  parse a posix kb to each of the back-end list .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   add
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes the main cost function that computes the version of the model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  pymode message .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  log   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the histogram file from bins .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  function   location
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute a generalized dipole decomposition of a matrix .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  compute   implements
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns true if name is trailing reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a version string indicating a version that the given version as deprecatedin%s' .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic x along the n-bits dimensions of x .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  is   gaussian
truth:  note   note

test:  convert an e to a string that contains capturing or tags .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  it should install a user install a local requirements directory .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  if   email
truth:  test   test

test:  example: cib mode .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  decode vim-friendly positions in ascii string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return an interface type from a string .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  signal from merging .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  move   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  derivative of cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  save the current file to a given filename .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  save   null
truth:  update   a

test:  data can be numpy array or the data to allocate and the voidp data to allocate .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  simulates multiple enhex(x) objects to multiple choice functions .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   null
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all test alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the craft craft plugin separator .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable mapreduce key for interacting with aws keys .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   redirect
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates p to truncate after the fastq line length .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   fastq
truth:  null   helper

test:  create an instance of old instance which can be assigned on a document .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   markdown
truth:  sets   sets

test:  basic handles dependencies - immediately - immediately uses the dependencies passed in decorators .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   teardrop
truth:  get   vector3

test:  calculates the product of iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create and initialize multiple tunnel for the given node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  listen to listen object to be used to create an event bus .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current repository time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  runs   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a configured ofs instance from a storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   function

test:  find the python module for a given package in this file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a collection of completed and the exploration ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets a request that is valid .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  print the carving of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all releases linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value of a tensor .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  to   indices
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a disk check to a specific member .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detaches   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  arbitrary arbitrary module .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  consume   output
truth:  clear   null

test:  in a file to setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   like
truth:  yield   path

test:  ensures that a test order is a json resource object .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  process   process

test:  the resource version .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  returns whether the current view view is a boolean .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset the columns of a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  function   reset
truth:  query   query

test:  return the aws open file .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set the response .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  is this a string a number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  install_default_handler() for quickly adding a logger to the root buffer buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  instantiates   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return native native string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  to   one
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  null   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  return a list of strings plus a list of strings and kwargs for kwargs return a list of strings .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a debug response given a string containing a dictionary of pairs and a dictionary .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the signature in the given hashed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  disables aslr via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire thread .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  description file system description from host .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the version and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  replace include_names .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  is   check
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad dhcp options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier signature .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup special special functions .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  package   package

test:  create a ]new .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller - uses the group_membership table from an existing table and allows us to true .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  an ordered template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset and delete a test suite .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate a sequence of polynomials by the recurrence decorator .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  memoize   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of the valid locales file in zenoss cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  mysensors the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a minimum view that uses date: permissions .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  return   search
truth:  add   things

test:  remove an element from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  backported this manager instance from the s6 specified by the supplied handlers .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  produce   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates multiple actions .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ]]append -> babc b .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes gcd of gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the indentation version of object to specification .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   render
truth:  format   a

test:  returns a new volume about the start audit usage of completed .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  returns   monitor
truth:  exists   exists

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  shift   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stderr the trace of a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   utility
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the cached data of the current thread .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open the project that the gce instance .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  attach   equivalent
truth:  return   a

test:  determine whether the target has been sufficiently .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  process   process

test:  get global *modname* log file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a hash hash with a preferred content path .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the total metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  create a bootstrap message from the response to be used .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a convenience function to connect to the supplied token .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks if file exists and is installed .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  locate   a

test:  return even or an additional vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create an aws tags to a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   new

test:  gets a message with the given profile stream .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  federated   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a monitor request .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   ipsecsiteconnection
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a default response headers to the response .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   cast
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop through the loop if it does not exist .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified file and modified attributes: info .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture providing a topicsread and returns a single iteration .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  like   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test file from the given test .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  wait for the specified host to finish .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  translate an exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci device by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replacement for a python code .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  using   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the logging level level on request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  imports a dotted-path python module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  writes a list of the data using the shape and sent it .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  is   null
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  test if a trace is created .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' force vowel suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends the rest topic to a docstring .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns 1 matching user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  null   null

test:  test that linear replaces linear filter is introduced from a single jacobian of linear filter them .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  computes a hash of the specified text using napiprojekts hash algorithm .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks that value is a string or a tuple of condition with extra values .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  formats units to match units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  seconds   kernel
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  determine the trailing path separator .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  check to see if we can pass to a replication function .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper to make a 2d host and test .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  to   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a random subset of bytes_length .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  is   function
truth:  use   use

test:  dkpg the timezone of running instances .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  process   policy
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile implementation source file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a console asn1_utf8string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  import   a

test:  always return false .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  takes a list with k and returns a pair of the elements from the start .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  add a panel to the queue .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a number of basehandler to [0 .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively list all files matching directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  files   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the path from a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   file
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  check if the given node is an import node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  to   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  calculate the place of a quadratic polynomial given a binary representation .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   pattern

test:  true if a task would be treated returns true if the given task would occurs .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job group .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  create   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  calculate the attendance time for the user .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check all data for all transformed plugins .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   update
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the system .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   program
truth:  url   url

test:  reshape iterator .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   long
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decodes and return the most of the given image tables .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  lift   convert
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  ending a new response type .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert value to number whenever possible .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure matches the accepted matches input: input: the accepted matches .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait until the expression to become a nice unescaped expression .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove partial state from ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  remove   contextmanager
truth:  context   context

test:  load an exception without changing the specified options .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   try

test:  validate a string for being used as a generic keyword argument validation .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  is   a
truth:  check   check

test:  detect indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the specified function to allow a execute python indentation from a callable logs to become a callable .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  runs   retry
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  shut   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display command line of movie .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  command   status
truth:  null   information

test:  return text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  text   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the current process and status of a given process .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   a

test:  return user status .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a command to be the command line arguments and look for the user to look up the command line number of the command line .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  input   service
truth:  uses   rar

test:  an first .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  merges two sorted arrays of n until the merge kind are returned .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merges   return
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a theme from plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has no leading components of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code code from local servers .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture which provides a temporary user .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a country calling code is a possible country code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as a np .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  splits a url for github pieces .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  tests   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of intersections in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  list   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the trimmed standard error for an array of mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the new user account with the provided ip address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test svg interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sample
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not a list is a valid item .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  interrupt interrupt services .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as unsafe:: .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application checks .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  nuke changes from doclist to source space .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer value following the minus occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a modules of functions .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  replace   strings
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that value is true or false .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given login .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  create   access
truth:  start   start

test:  write the given refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  write   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that youre logs use logging from old .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an additional information and the result of a string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  if only build is joined to the connected .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of posts .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   list
truth:  function   function

test:  load the us macro data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the scenario for pidlockfile test cases .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a tuple containing the first containing subclasses of i .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a certain color to a .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   stop
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  configure the ipdb .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get list of files that need to parse them .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   exchange
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a list of languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get request stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   a
truth:  account   account

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   loss
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: a2ensite .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  rows   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep and delay for the specified crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load any collectors associated with a given collectors dictionary .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond3 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  returns whether or not an user is being automatically unicode .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  share   working
truth:  get   get

test:  runs debug function and converts to its default value of it in the given iterator .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  runs   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group triples view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   user
truth:  add   add

test:  multiplies the values of an array elements over a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a network group on the port or raise an vswitch interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all connections from the msbuild system .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  loading   ipython
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  whether the action that is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  use the tools .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  supports   use
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure matches the accepted matches input: input: the accepted matches input: input: an accepted matches input: matches .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return an formatted color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  returns a double windows using a double (see field .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  remove   assignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets rate at all tasks .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  enable   session
truth:  null   null

test:  update a group .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes the compiler of the node instance .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns true if the specified name belongs to seconds .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  start console output .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  echo   message
truth:  enable   console

test:  returns single api key for this deployment .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  project a password for a cells api which are stored as a as: integer or which have a epigraph address of a listening .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against the sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  this is a wrapper around the standard string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   s
truth:  return   return

test:  gets relationship representation .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the binary list of changing changing the weight specified by lower bounds .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string of standard indices .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  return   null
truth:  join   join

test:  render formstyle on form fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  render   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return sql encoding .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  encoding   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that the details in the compute array is in the compute above distance between quote and it .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   legend
truth:  creating   test

test:  test if we can ignore options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  to   one
truth:  if   check

test:  runs a command on a remote host .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  unload   wrapper
truth:  execute   null

test:  display the flake8 application .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  display   program
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip all ansi from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the default scheduler that would have been run .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  cleanup   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts the project rois to a multiple image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  project   image

test:  gather info on linux distribution .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install and return twisted if we are using twisted .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  create a new server object using the flask server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a user email for this user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the requester is available .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to float value with unix handling .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  aux function .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  function   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the remainingartifact if a thumbnail is present in the thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces the given array v with the given array .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  replaces   power
truth:  if   checks

test:  copy the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  copy   process
truth:  process   process

test:  this generates an iterable of similar coefficients for the ascii term that matches the last month of similar [1 .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to split the possible tags marked as a list of tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  function   attributes
truth:  tag   tag

test:  diags the angle of the ordinary operator .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reads crypto public key as a string .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a datetime object to a json representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle v2 apps .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  write the unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group any various grouping that isnt used to preserve formats .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  normalize unicode .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if number is independent independent in the graph in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports and returns the class based on a string representation .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   decorator
truth:  module   module

test:  return the first list given a list of 1-d glsl point .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  init of jitter in rounded to uniformly .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  union   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote a data using spaces .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  rebuild   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns an html id with the given pair .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if approximate .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  null   sphere
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a table with a list of templates .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the latest review review date based on its latest signatures .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   update
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a time string into a datetime object .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   email
truth:  convert   http

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the entire image location from the referer library .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  retrieve   data
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to generate requests with a requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  called   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return virtual ips records for fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  delete   find
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   submodules
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns an error dict with keys of the given preference .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that returns whether to return a 404 .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  to   use
truth:  use   use

test:  list all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  issue a record for the specified request .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  issue   hook
truth:  logs   logs

test:  parse rdp the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  parse   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  parse a url by utility function .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns avg for avg .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates a query returns its id for no speaker .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  to   query
truth:  creates   session

test:  convert a source object into a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  convert   djangos
truth:  entries   entries

test:  return a list of valid keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   one

test:  find a filename for a filename .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  find   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns lines of an columns value .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether a module is an solaris module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the repoman function .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the available user .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an object to the model like ip address .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a message field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  to   format
truth:  null   encoder

test:  determine if filename contains a valid filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  convert   font
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for given baseline .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return top zeros .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  reconstruction reconstruction where image and zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  return information about the key .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression equals expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  import and return a public key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  import   null
truth:  given   null

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 and utf-8 encoding .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  quotes   utf8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generate static files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the load to the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that the in-db file are not specified and name .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  adds   translator
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a file of data from a s3 device .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns: a file of a file .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  return some html attributes .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a software sysctl rule is enabled .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - / .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return the job id for a job across all the possible job names .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a csr sparse matrix with the same name .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a content-type string containing whose keys are the schemes and apart .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computing computing the encoded shell for the given shell .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  disable   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  test that astropys ecliptic systems give a transform transforms on array of icrs docstrings - this is an b1950 transform for use the optionally fits docstrings to check and it
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the value is set .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the *keys* linear svd .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  builds a tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  builds   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter for the insert default clause .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   get

test:  update the specified bytes from the specified page .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  read   a

test:  strips and relative version of invalid characters .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   strings
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a method or method with a given class .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  if   null

test:  validate 'xgettext'] attempting to stderr .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  ask   convenience
truth:  make   null

test:  get queue tables for all related models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  rbf the cookiecutter from this single page .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  collect   update
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to an event channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   event
truth:  send   send

test:  this script applies a tree to the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  grab the salt cloud salt .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that it has no file or end .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of n elements .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  chunks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the message config file name .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  undo   post
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the default user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   permissions
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the current rss rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  gives   current
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that a review board option is not deleted .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   downloads_series
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy a file types into a list of fields .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if the given network address is mapped to it .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  list   list

test:  validate that the provided value is a number of seconds in the range [0 - integer | 0 - integer | the start in bytes [0 - integer | 0
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused base id and an original fused entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface name assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dump current python blocks to device .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the maskscore score for the f-beta score is the average of the model .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support support support support support support .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  same as gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace an arbitrary string with standard and quote spaces replaced with their escaped characters .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  boot the current time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  clears the current figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   group
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypt plaintext - the encoded string will always return a plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  given   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  return the url to the url => en .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns bridges interfaces cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  same as being moon-like .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot have the given member of a socket with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  check that the given argument is valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the all the possible format of each format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  null   a

test:  get value of a consumes consumes .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to replace the supplied volume connection connection .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield a new temporary file and create a new temporary file only .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  yield   url
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  returns a python module if a queryparams is already in the provided ]top .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a openid request to a specific url instance .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test fit ratio with random data .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a safe code object from a service .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  import and return the crypto backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  import   windows
truth:  patches   patches

test:  orders column to new-style columns on windows .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  unpack   dataframe
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer has the given encoding .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  strip   check
truth:  if   check

test:  the version string .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   blocks
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the quoted of the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an block of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  like string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns the given function function function function .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  point   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the dict of the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assocxyz .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  executes command line options for an html manner .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   package
truth:  help   help

test:  when a wsgi application is run .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a loop loop can be used by default .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack options to be expressed in the importer states and y .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   packages
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler to log an user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove the given permissions from the q config file .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  change the line of the line of has_prefix sanity so that it is enabled .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a redirect identity form .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  convert data from the model support dicts and return a string .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  click   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs boot package boot sdk commands .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   current

test:  calculates an iterable of categorical values .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path where a test is a package .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  will return the control config .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a unique cpu cpu links from the cpu cpu .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  guess a file contents from a file report .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  provides a everybodys .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  starts   find
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  makes a javascript file should be ignored .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  like func .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  func   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check to make sure no url is saved .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the object is a pair of stuff .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws key service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test creating a valueerror .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of default globals for this module .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  the final css points for each css points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   use
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  export   doclist

test:  return the python filenames path to load balancer folder containing the directory to the file names .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  check all the workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  check   check
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a new rpc object for use in configuring .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  update the given config[u'journals'][scope] message in the given config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  gets all the timestamp between 0 and offset .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  module   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  declares the extra key key name for the calling loop .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test for issue raised in the input .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  compute   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version on the tag which is equal to the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  measure of the specified metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a circuit identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns zip key .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  computes discrete map length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   model
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input and find the qbytearray .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  this should serve the logged in the trust page .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  display   null
truth:  render   a

test:  returns timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely function to build the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  function   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a friendly frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock the packages lock : string name of the package to be removed from the package to remove the package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  project has been moved .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  delete   build
truth:  project   management

test:  return data to the version .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  for each shed .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  synchronous sqlite connections .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the message messages available for the current request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dictionaries and matches the values .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  ip   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify the calling empty class can make text if any of the class doesnt make sense .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  failed   null

test:  updates the subtasks type to make it format possible .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  wrap   input
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all enabled queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the http request name update its run_pytest .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   function
truth:  stop   stop

test:  attempt to work in the column that should be a uniq_stable clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  to   find
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url to the selected wiki pages .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set the otu table for the specified axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  set   otu
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic with a bad button .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  we can split the alloc of a alloc gpu .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  get the wheel cli sequence and configure it .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  execute   try
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf headers .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  registers all values which are usually in the same keys .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can create the most recent projects or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the named vm .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return adjective table based on the beginning of a particular adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  step   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  1 and repeat integer so probability .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  like notification/nch .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to get the boolean true if fact is present .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the information about coverage if found .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  runs a useragent} client with the given timeout .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  runs   update
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test if a path is a directory? of image .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  basic activation function .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  ravel the given viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  install   product
truth:  show   show

test:  compute reinitialize of a and dtype .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  a axis for the "left_pad" module parameters x: ndarray array to be introduced on each point value .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  null   squares
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year : array-like dates to have no pkcs#1 blurred nan .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return the name of the module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary model of the given model + the primary line .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return a list of the named vm for a specific vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing from a wheel with pip dist-info' .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the specified table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two 1-d correlation .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   build
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a new signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  setup   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  call %g if "padding" is unknown .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  move   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the historical data from a collection of target dictionaries .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  test whether the server is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that key value and modified key values are set .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turn a real-valued .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target is set in the given string or false .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to utf-8 .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is a django user object returned by processing .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  inspired a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator to ensure a function that automatically causes the wrapped methods of a single session .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time scaling of a overlays .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  output   density
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a sequence of html <= output object .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  install all available updates for given comment .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  takes a list of running runnings and returns a dictionary of running values .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return true if the file is db .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  notify   test
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index kind .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   index
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a document into the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   warnings
truth:  insert   insert

test:  resets problem state entirely to zero or more problem for a given instructortask .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  update   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  try to get the django reverse request .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the number of object classes .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital sensor .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a dask dataframe from a dask dataframe parameters token : bool .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   update
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an object from file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get unique asset template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  get   template
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  return true if a string matches the given number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  alter sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  force   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  callback for adding graph if the graph has been logged in g when the cookies exceptions .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a matrix product of the same memory but a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   real
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator that makes sure that a function decorator transforms that may be substituted into a single argument list .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a list of tuples to their arguments and translatable .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  to   module
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for parsing a list of strings .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  handle   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the line navigation navigation .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  find   find
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed[ packed dict .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  get   find
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update the value of the given property in the property dictionary .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  deletes a security group with the specified name or id .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  find a uid that matches the given uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  find   information
truth:  get   get

test:  formats the file or display for the specified path and file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder starting with the given id .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the gallery example gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the user table for an xbps combination .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a header .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  generate   use
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  registers an input value .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to load containing containing containing top-level files .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   emails
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return an object that can be used within a python package .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   use
truth:  convert   level

test:  the memmap of numpy .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  post   search
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  the pad test for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have a tensor .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  this view shows the sections page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  display   settings
truth:  view   view

test:  flatten a vector .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   model
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the file in sys .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the given gray filter .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   images
truth:  plots   corners

test:  format the value like a human-readable '? .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some response headers to the file to the manipulate month .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the string representation of the pathname .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  null   s
truth:  append   append

test:  return the tuple of outgoing fifo available for a given sequence .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  get   get

test:  this is needed to return a list of tuples as dictionaries .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  return   environment
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the json-encoded response object from an existing httpresponse .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the trapezoid value in a list .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   replaces
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the lifx sensor platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   server
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder this plugin allows you to define a finder for each project .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a generator that yields the given state of user-provided f .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users usernames dict .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   usernames
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform flushes .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  bytes   return
truth:  is   result

test:  reads the platform pid file from an pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  reads   path
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  takes   class
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check if the set function is properly work .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  converts url to a string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   url
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a function to wrap a dict with keys in the provided dict .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  remove the module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  takes a binary sequence of bytes and returns a long line of a series of int .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the returner options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  remove *nix colour sequences from a string .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   inserts
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find the source files for src to the given directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  add a sql table and return a list of available constraints matching the start table and return a sql statements in the given sql statements that were posted and the
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  detect if the given file has locked .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  detect   program
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   decorator
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a "service" cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  add   a

test:  displays stats sequence .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  link   counts
truth:  stats   stats

test:  create the remote configuration and download the given in it .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  create   user
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  redirects cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  generates   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  does nothing have present in the specified function .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  does   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  validate aws resource bucket .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and pickle data from a file if needed .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  convert a string into a numbers of int .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the absolute :class: .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the file using the given name .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  show   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  handle a detaches message for a echo if a x_t message .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the correct camera of the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  websocket is a body of a callback .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  value   a
truth:  match   match

test:  true if the given method type .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  finds weights of the specified model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user api method on an email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns a global dictionary object until it returns a current thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a ith .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  return   user
truth:  convert   a

test:  a function to determine if the services are available in the selected checkout .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator for any character use of a specified request .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that we have been used for a sample constraints and cloudstack .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  add a list of the stroke rate name .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  is this a no-op including async pointer .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  executed .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  download markup from a tpot markup format .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  the pylint gets explicitly want to have the same value of a string .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   null

test:  set google alignment .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a user picture and updates it .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convenience function for handling the item of sqlite3 .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp is a directed graph .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  like   like

test:  aggregate a revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  requires   a
truth:  null   languages

test:  turns a list into a space-delimited .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  return true if the task name belongs to be found in any of the given task name .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from db .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  label: get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all the test suite .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  function   function

test:  provide a dict of unicode values from a string to their string .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the numpy value of the left along each axis .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the locale that we want to astropy .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  searches for all ids .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  searches   host
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  return   homepage
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   copies
truth:  write   a

test:  return the interprets of all the given providers .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  return   list
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect list of commands .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  list   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  test that no conflicting environment is fix .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generate list of bytes .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  list   function
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a list of top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  sample   function
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a git repo .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check whether a network adapters is readable in the given adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create the warning_class resulting from the dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   virtual
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no rules cannot be created correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   plugin
truth:  tests   tests

test:  cast to a boolean value and return boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  enforce   json
truth:  return   a

test:  set the existing file pair for every planned use .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   dataframe
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current column keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  confine   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  this convert the given object to a readable node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  return   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  handler for listening .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disable score of classifier .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  mask   test
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a campaign feed item ids used by a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the current eintr part of the given array .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   state
truth:  return   return

test:  name which looks like a file string .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  imports   list
truth:  find   find

test:  renders templates into a nice request and stores it that is views .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  a simple python imaging function that returns an ssl user .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   create
truth:  return   a

test:  holds admin style in target .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  prepare   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the number of default tensor devices .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a crypto key which creates a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the name of the list of instances for the given server version .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas with the specified size and overlay to the record .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  fill   return
truth:  to   null

test:  gets the single gating content usage keys from the given gated_content_key for the given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query query query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a full path of the q .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  handle for a set of matplotlib the default rc header .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  return   a

test:  fetches the python installation for weights .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  fetches   program
truth:  null   entry

test:  determine the default branch of commits commits .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  determine   branch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  if this app is an environment and its meta dict .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if there are any reg objects .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   precision
truth:  walk   null

test:  correction correction dictionary from db .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  ignore executable attribute :returns: list of cpu keys on the given pid .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  model   null
truth:  function   function

test:  do not display the actual transaction .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  do   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  floating-point integer part of the bits .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot that will also destroy the dataset name of the dataset .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  partially the user code .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  fit   git
truth:  value   value

test:  transform the 1-d theano tensor to right to right by av .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  transform   mean
truth:  calculates   null

test:  check if a given unit type does not have a custom untracked .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the current session .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   inset
truth:  get   minimum

test:  hash of string .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  hash   user
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  like item but returns a list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to a list that contains the int .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the given image sequence of files .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  delete   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  update given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  update   flavor
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to be called when the given pattern is complete .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   add
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine the default cache location this returns the default environment variable .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a localised literal number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  return the first data which levels of four characters .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  return   data
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling for the specified group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a path uri into an s3 uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the type of a string type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the system path for the program system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled registry registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install one or more system and installs them for pip .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  install   working
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  change the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended euclidean function .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   euclidean
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  login to the response which takes one of the given sequence and associated with a default value .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  creates an iterable of iterable then does not use it .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  creates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a datetime object into a formatted date .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a specific definite header corresponding to a response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  get   status
truth:  return   status

test:  check the object corresponding to the given object args: obj_name : the name of the object to check or path for the current object returns: true if the type for
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  shows all of the due page to a given course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  shows   dns
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a helper function to handle if in a version are done .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  add current indentation to the top of a string .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  accepts   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  find the matrices in square such that the inverse of inverse .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   *

test:  return if filename filename filename is defined .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  null   a

test:  create a form with the given id .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  remove all the aws jobs .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method to format the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   eeg
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or a webob request object .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  filtered an instance of the bound instances of tcl .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from source to the original tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string as a datetime object .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  has   a
truth:  format   format

test:  we are vulnerability/report and either a list of times or optionally a single task .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  take   a

test:  list :ref:windows into a single group name the name of the package to delete .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  list   packages
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that all values are equal .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  takes element from an etree document or a list of followed by which has any known elements and remove elements of the f(x) .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  null   node
truth:  surround   null

test:  test theres a class with an integration outputs .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  move to the line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  move   init
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a html template by a course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  stubbed out the user from the course enrollments for backward compatibility .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a loop for the current thread .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  crossproductisbetweentwovectors' blurred w for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing from a non-editable git url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  return a subtree .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get reindent lines for python 2 .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   dumps
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a text text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   create
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  return   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator to declare which takes a unauthenticated function or method .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the proper token from the secret body string .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a suitable url for the given function or a module .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   attribute
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return if the named service is enabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  to   check

test:  ajax tooltips .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a volumes after the specified criteria .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   list
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in laguerre .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  get the encoding type read from a source file .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  null   data
truth:  check   a

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  create an image and return image .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to allow you to fail them before disabling them .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   use
truth:  replaces   a

test:  returns the remote repository of the remote config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  get   get
truth:  apply   a

test:  return the url of the relationship identity .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user data .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  null   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notification on new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  null   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  try to determine the path of the specified forwards arguments .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  to   os
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the ifttt shutdown .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of sorted limit .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dictionary that can be used as keys of the given data .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  list out the available state modules into the master and states cli example: .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   string
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as string .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   store
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reads from line .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of missing missing memory .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads any latest output from latest output .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the given html with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return whether the given certificates key is enabled and has been enabled in the given course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  provides detailed configuration .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  provides   try
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api response for a given api in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  test if the specified client exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the list of codename from the passed permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the fixed function for the fixed indices .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse the pdf or object into a expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this creates a new own request .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a currently selected task .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  register a new vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   test
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete -> 'wal-prefetch' .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  render   a

test:  check the a version of mayavi .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find the unix name for the given filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   filename
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a string to datetime value .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  given   day

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return snapshot with working .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of random values over provided as a new audit random values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a folder in a new datacenter and returns the result in which the datacenter plural .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  determine if the string can be interpreted .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  determine   move
truth:  remove   remove

test:  lazy division-by-zero .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  calling classes of calling method .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  string from http application code .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  null   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an entityid passed as the self object to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  submit formstyle for a single parent form fields .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  submit   add
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the string representation of the current metric .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new string .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a encryption hash for an object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  create   uploads
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the base method in a base method .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import and determine if enabled .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  using   windows
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to normal vector and normal vector on reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a class instance as a protocol type .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  do   outputs
truth:  convert   a

test:  given an words .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform two values to transform of arbitrary transform parameters x : array a new value returns transform : array transform .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  transform   calculate
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if input is an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a valid python subject .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  if the backend has been enabled .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  creates a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a new actionerror object for a certain number of open rfc822 .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the test table .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  setup   use
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the global displayedcuda system warning for cuda .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  used   function

test:  return a link link for the page name .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   one

test:  return a list of the following cache uploads for sys .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that a sequence is available and parent_is_init returns true if all available scalars are given .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the platform specified by homematic platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the version named version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return all slicer nodes of a node which are made from a given node .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for reduction the track state changes to the community state of a track .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a stim channel of channel events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  create   stim
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  this function returns a multiple leading labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  function   return
truth:  draw   a

test:  convert a string to a dict .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse code at plt .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   redirects
truth:  formats   formats

test:  if cmd is in a shell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  display the original table of the original table of this table .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case of email with wrong items while tie .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  is   testing
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of module .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the list of answers with state ids within each of the given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  test for syncing tests with different module calls .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  test   configures
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test mercurial color handling .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   question
truth:  io   io

test:  check that the given file is a poisson response .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  check   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  reads a file from a specified day .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  reads   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return theme with the given path .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   counts
truth:  move   move

test:  is is is is is the is is is is the is is the .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  returns true if a is a b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively remove any items from obj .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  parses a query string and returns a list .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  function   return
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import an python version file using python version .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two context strings together .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the user can perform an action contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  generate an skeleton instance of the de trace .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create or edit task with the task definition .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  project form and form the available versions form .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  fetches all roles as a given blob .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  email   user
truth:  prints   prints

test:  display a plain text type .
truth: the media page . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   media

test:  returns a string representing a number of int with a group id .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the directory of the current user .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  to   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return hex string of the versioned version and version .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  provide   null

test:  given a path of a file .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  take a comma-separated model for the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  take   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  capture orgprint as a stringio .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  output   variation
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement pooling for binary .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align the same as alignment .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse keyword arguments from keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the number of rsa rsa msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a transformed icon signal to the submit one .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run command on an passed positional arguments .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  obj   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   redirects
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns cookie list with given arguments .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  write the child process to the vm if someone is available .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  paginator a paginator of django components of a page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  null   function
truth:  takes   null

test:  ask for a given url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   sets
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that nt does not clobber .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the cli execution of the salt-ssh command .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  execute   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  parse an aware date string .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute the list of files in the discussions .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get library from utc system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   page
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create ec2 id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load and return the data from a python file .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  create   create

test:  return the name of the repository to the container .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  log and translate the locks header for the given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  starts   stop
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   complex
truth:  if   null

test:  test that the tpot function works as logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  test for creating a style namespaces .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  add new enrollment attributes to the course provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   enrollment
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  physicists   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  if the master has been resolved as a specified server .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  backup   move
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the build process that started the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim build step .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a little helper for the host .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  download students certificate certificate from the given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  download   utility
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy data from 9000 snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get a test suite from the project .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  redraw functionality .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  accumulated   confirmation
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete a filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  store store of a file into an instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the possible users friendly version .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  find   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename the youtube playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  build worksheet and worksheet rule for xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  build   contextmanager
truth:  write   null

test:  filter a function as a key=val parameter .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets value of the incoming backup() .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a namespace if one is not available or not the lowest window .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for forwarding and of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  it should absence a previously registered with a previously registered template_name .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list a new random url from a new random folder or already a new random server .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  download   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript test suite .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the entrance exam as a string .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  encode   encode

test:  checks if a file is a unsaved>'length tool .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  does   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a function that produces the correct range of record .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  implement the given function or serve a calling reference to the given target .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  implement   generate
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder the area under the value of a : array-like coefficients of x positive integer within the dataset .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  estimate   return
truth:  compute   area

test:  an strong step .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a dask into a dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   email
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  control-p in history from history list .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  computes the diff of an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  constructs   a

test:  return a list of the domain for the given resource .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  feed logging .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  logging   use
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape html html escape for the given unicode sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  null   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  return text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  text   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of get lock .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  compute   failure
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the file found in the system .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a document or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  avoid   searches
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses a single table object from a single table specification .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  imports an object and return it .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  calls the train .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  calls   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the named container exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default color of the given color .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default shipping settings .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  set   null
truth:  default   default

test:  fail the round around the given report through the message with the == operator .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch to the current time .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  return an xml usage with the given error string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  return   function
truth:  combines   null

test:  test that the activation outbox outbox outbox outbox is clicked .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure a utf8 object is returned when x .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  ensure   content
truth:  cast   a

test:  test that the time is raised .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  disable   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return a hash hash hex bits .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets an http client for a client with application default .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  verify   credentials
truth:  returns   application

test:  sort version of list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  arrange   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  helper function for things that are safe for use in <script> of json .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   data
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple tuples and parse multiple spaces into a single set .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  retrieve configuration from mongodb (which .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  validate the host and validation components using the given host and validation .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  determine   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable state cache .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   set
truth:  set   status

test:  converts number of unit elements to a string of unit elements .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get a temporary file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a table with the given name name from an removes user name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  raises a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  '%slayercount%sof%s the message as string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  return the varnish 32-bit data .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unpack   a

test:  this algorithm works on each image .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get style style for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  remove a feature using dism args: feature : the feature to be used to remove feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  return true if the object is a no-op .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  return   date
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs device by interface .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all the specified positions in a list .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a script name to the given namespace name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  name   resolver

test:  return a string of an boolean .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazardkeys filter filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a html formatted header of the given revision .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  custom split trace .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  callback   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the standard css css strings into a quoted .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   patch
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose elements .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unix input string .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  return the push url to the current request in the comment template tag .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  return   node
truth:  get   get

test:  decode a queryset of rgb palette .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the results of execution tasks and return the plain status .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  called by the hermite function .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  called   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the path for a iterable that are processed from the node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  have   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure a selinux guest folders are available .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns a collection by name .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  loads the network encodings' fabtools .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  this function does nothing function into an instance of the second function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  return a list of model instances for all shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  return   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return rgb with some rgb values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  source   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  add a path to a file path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text with an indented .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   print
truth:  text   text

test:  register a new locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  register   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template flags .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current filter object and its closure .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  return the current sites url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  save image / resize .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   converts
truth:  saves   image

test:  overwrite nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  null   target
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found in a kb id - id - id - id - list of: - scan a scan name - the resource name - id - scan
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release with a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string of json primitives into a list of words .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  return   a

test:  mounts one or more file paths .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  require   a

test:  gets the index of a index container value from the right for this index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  used   get
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup the given setuptools and stop .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   states
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a vsphere list of objects of a container with no type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a standard json account for the given host+username+password .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  get the special revision string .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to define a build with the jenkins poly plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the matrix from nodes .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  assumes   search
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  list all the event public event loop .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   move
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation of _thread .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   norm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   list
truth:  save   null

test:  factory for use of msg_str factory .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   get
truth:  write   a

test:  fetches a single entry for a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  view   view

test:  test datetimes that set_default_proxy is :term:transient and has iso 8601 .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  return   mgz
truth:  get   get

test:  save a file into a model with the given name and the name of the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a single step flavor_id for a a a single test set of second-order filter parameters sos : array_like the order of the nodes of the step integral .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  share a document and share all related links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  show   task
truth:  share   share

test:  escape invalid characters from text or .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   no
truth:  process   process

test:  test if string is a base instance of base class .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for a model needed to the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an enqueued by their solutions to the given transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  get   transport

test:  do a deprecated system .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  do   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  returns the length of an image for the given image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return none for the induction operator .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield n permutations .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if fallback is requested .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   a

test:  setup all the rds and keyword arguments .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  calls   function
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return string containing the contents of the local file for the specified package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  return   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the sum of a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dot product of structure with directory tree .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named failedtodeletefunction with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string weak .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  return   email
truth:  mask   mask

test:  translates any arguments as a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  translates   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a locationglobal .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  change the vector of the desired basis basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  change   square
truth:  null   space

test:  filter parameters that are parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a package by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a method decorator which applies a method on an interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the actual response from the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  name a cookie length by a specific length or partial length matching the given model .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  shortens   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  get a point divided by segment .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  destroy   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  generate the incoming guess for use with voice .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  to   tests

test:  initialize all the aws connections corresponding to the given lookup queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  store   a

test:  calculate the repeat matrix to apply for a given axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  match a named named host to use by c{p} .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  simplify   generic
truth:  null   null

test:  submits generation of a block for a given l{instance} as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to retry the signal from a string .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the user so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   unicode
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add a parameter in new numpy arrays to the given name .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a response which has a description of another response .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  indicate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a ljust version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  call the object to a typeerror parameters if len is true .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  takes   a

test:  parse a dict like newline .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  parse   interface
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  formats the rfc1123 protobuf string as a date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  format   format

test:  gets reference to use for matplotlib construction .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  check   master
truth:  return   a

test:  list a collection into a list of iterable entries and partition entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  create a polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  create   sha-256
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the parameters of a network associated with a given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  set the nova name of the module .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  duplicates   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  returns the ca ca tree to save in case it .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the given thread of the given thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  install   handler
truth:  assure   null

test:  return a dict describing specific service from the salt myminion configuration .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate inverse of the current inverse .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  returns true if lc(f) is encoder .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a new container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   find
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the current date .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique constraints for groups defined by their columns .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  converts words so that they give colour words .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  output the one shape which is used to more than one .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  output   implementation
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns all json markup .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores any experiment account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the entry available on the system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  sample sample matrix is a sorted list of lists of filenames returns a string of int keyed by seqs related to sample dataset is given .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if data contains columns found in the table .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  retrieve the disk size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple value for the nearest float value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  value   numbers
truth:  null   utility

test:  add a request and add an httprequest form .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  a function .
truth: prints b . 
test:  function   string
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from a histogram .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  returns true if filename is an http .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  share test template .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  log   profile
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the confidence decomposition of a vector .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   dict
truth:  computes   null

test:  fcmp real loss .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  negate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  try to get rid of input parameter from the passed value .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  to   pivot
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute beacon .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalizes sum of input variable without checking for a given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalizes   gaussian
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must have all basic slices the same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  null   overlap
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  fill function with various versions of various @string .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  replace characters that have a valid meaning in text by their entity equivalents .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  replace   seed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the specified comment .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a memory .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  update the given app with the given configuration and restart it .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given patch to the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create the website .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute gray-level spectral density using welchs gaussian index .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return available nginx name the full minion .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  dump message but continue to fail on this log .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  issue   log
truth:  error   error

test:  validate an error message .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  value   value

test:  load a image from exif space .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  load   size
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a json data structure representing the note that a python data points to the given device .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  format the javascript url for single file using the same url .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  format   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  creating a new tests and use the same an external specification value .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  check   =
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a list into two elements of f .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  split   wrapper
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the quantity of an gecl system does not provide the quantity for heliocentric with fragments .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  issue   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element and a list of int .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  create and return a return the result of the given type .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a string that has the specified name .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   parses
truth:  build   build

test:  this user is not yet set the users password .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  convenience function to determine which the current loop loop to be used .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  function   sets
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for a given whitelist .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   render
truth:  return   a

test:  get doc ids / stock .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  get   set
truth:  allows   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   listening_ports
truth:  return   return

test:  show user unsubscribe .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  show   use
truth:  null   null

test:  common divisor for the common filtering of one group .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all aggregates .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all query that match zero or more metadata .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the currently active connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test the correctness of the gradient matrix .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the message from the specified message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  raise guard task .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  raise   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  provides a function that returns a fake implementation of a modbus arguments .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  function   function

test:  call the bcache device with the given name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  process statistics of command-line statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  code   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  given a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   emails
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and dirs .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  kill *roll_indices* for the resource agent .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  callback   prints
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to unique keys of the given dict .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the data for a dict .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  initialize   query
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status of the named service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns module name like foo .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize a libc .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute adjacency crossentropy of crossentropy alignment .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  return   return

test:  serve is an identity page .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* scale individuals on the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the flow dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve binary threads into binary coordinates .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  loads   find
truth:  given   null

test:  get_warnings_state() -> a querydict form .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index of a given request .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model model from model_file_name and return .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  install show_fiff .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  run   options
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  a function that returns post post data .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  function   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  create an element for use in the datastore .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test a vcs xor capital from a list of arguments .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  test   errors
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build file .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the name or returns it .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  transforms   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to log a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  to   json
truth:  import   a

test:  dict .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  prepare   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  parse a build configuration file .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  matcher   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  no_translation -> boolean .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   html

test:  returns console info dict .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function with the bloggerexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   null

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inherit the inherit of the cloexec to stdout .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  displays a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  constructs   reverse
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commented author .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the nested degree of f .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  computes   matrix
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a entire object as record parameters fname : str record returns record : file name of record <= code such as record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  return   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of for a given type with at least one .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that we dont use shared driver is preserved .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   use
truth:  test   test

test:  return a set of users ids that will be given as provided in the provided user .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  scan the given xml file and return it .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  scan   read
truth:  validate   a

test:  create a list of volumes from a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  create   dictionary
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series of given dataframe .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the password
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns soup .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  like   form
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a string or ;-separated to a text key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return volumes list for the projects .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   format
truth:  get   get

test:  move history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces instances like 5 utf-8 text with a unicode string .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  null   payload
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  look   return
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator raising exceptions if the response is not in the make sure the json exceptions .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add alarm rootfs results for alarm requires alarm page .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  work   windows
truth:  given   a

test:  find a common return a list of files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the images either this vmware environment .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns unique content for cache key .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for a request to become http response or a list of http response .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  given a model .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a branch or encodes a dict containing a cleaned block .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a list of dictionaries of in dict form .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  lists   split
truth:  given   a

test:  expand *val* .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  name   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of the object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test unless its code is true .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create the decoder returned by the most foreignkey ready .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  delete   mock
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for displaying an displaying representation of the javascript representation .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the version string for git .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets or color from char .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string referring to an existing repo .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and decode token for testing .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  set symbols of all symbols in the given expression .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  return   check
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to the package to the package to .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check the pdf service instance .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  check   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  checks if there is a acquire section of the user .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  set global tables from global tables this signal function allows you to access the given signal from the given signal that event type .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  set   list
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  turns a string into a video file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  turns   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  transform the grains from the heap .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  transform   like
truth:  get   get

test:  return the y with the float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  return   model
truth:  get   get

test:  resets the keyboard key for the server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  package   use
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  send pending changes .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  send   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  estimate discrete random data using discrete spins this dataset does not exist .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  get the line number of the line that has line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete an interval .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  equivalent to nose that p .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create random data from sequence of random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if g represents a g[i] .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  edge   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json managed resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  can there are arbitrary points .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  test the undeferred image map .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  return a list of valid kernel modules .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  return   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates and installs a folder and installs it .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a dns line encoded .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validate the validator for all the specified validators .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  get the disabled service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the source file .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict describing all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  register a dataframe .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  register   a
truth:  render   a

test:  mark policy for the json .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  given a string and a csv object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  given   convenience
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the current function names of the given regular expression .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a list of files which can be removed from the redirect .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  if   check

test:  replace tan with sin/cos and weights .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  wraps   tan
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  create a temporary file at the specified path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  push   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the service for a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current update_blogs for a dsc depending on the comm of the given status .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific bufr image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of ^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  list all the chunk[u'range'][u'start'][u'filepath']chunks chunks in the given file in a sequence of file chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  list   units
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape the given text so we can escape sequences .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  function   function

test:  download the @memory data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  has   a
truth:  load   load

test:  custom handler for common function .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  parses   reading
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a queryset with the components of a given queue .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   null

test:  studio the studio api .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  create all messages from folder to imports .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  extracts   task
truth:  write   a

test:  add a new affiliates-role record from the sklearn buffer representation .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when the arrowvisual is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  transform a tfr transform that can be used as a single source suboptimal-but-better-than-nothing .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  transform   table
truth:  function   function

test:  return the first node of the node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return image with the right class .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the sqlalchemy redirect path .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  save save error to a json file using store encoding .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the full language dict for a given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  known   find

test:  return a class to the given python modules found in the given python .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   module
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of images suitable for use wit the tinymce external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the random word from the command line .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   profile
truth:  generates   null

test:  given the python path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check a bound bound for attribute and check if we are equal .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup a show records and return the current table .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts or begins documentation for the current item from the file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   sequence
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs the filter decorator .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load private keys .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  force   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  return string of format for the specified language .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   date

test:  return nice and open links .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if members: is present .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  accepts   one
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  view   view

test:  convert translatable or translatable into translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  join   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  return a dict mapping of open intended to match a single cluster .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   names

test:  gets the clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  round   null
truth:  null   one

test:  converts from string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates the given engine from complete .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  apply the xlimits of the current mad .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  apply   wrapper
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   node
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a dict from a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   signal
truth:  embedded   start

test:  return the items of a number .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from traceback .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  resolves   function
truth:  print   up

test:  is the list of leading points in the start of the given index of the coma-or-pipe .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  internal helper func to return the content type of the bootstrap header .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a cache object that matches the given path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  cache   node
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for students reruns .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  statement : a run statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that attribute works like methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of this user has in the specified course for the course with those that are attached to the given xblock .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  find common element of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  p   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  sets user profile profile when the new user has entered .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   signal
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  determines which version should be supported .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the fitness function .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  decide   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  callback for an example extension .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns a driver object for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the user has access to the course given by the course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of the mean appserver .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an elastic key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   key
truth:  get   status

test:  create a csv object from an ordered csv file .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  make   permissions
truth:  function   function

test:  merge an array objects which will take raw data .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  the user users in to access their users password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  to   login

test:  convert a input input input into a return value .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  returns the directive distance matrix .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path of the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an event transaction object generated by a site id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  command   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  converts prefix into a directory where all available least the file is located and should have the given filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  prefix   strip
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  a decorator that makes sure the incoming get thrown .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a integer to an int or raise .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  dump   transaction
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process a script expression .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   runs
truth:  display   a

test:  return an article string which has the article articles something available for the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute an ndarray of points based on sparse matrix parameters x : array-like returns numpy array of num_flows: - o .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper on accessing a parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  value   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  translate the parsed text to a file .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  translate   function
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the parameters and hid t .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   a

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  null   a

test:  log out a log .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  log   a
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given the correct type from the specified object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a string representing the indicated attribute .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  arbitrary the function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return the python unicode representation of the given file in bytes starting from the word starting at the format .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return the a new property class corresponding to the object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about all available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  check   set
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect a user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  load a stream from yaml file .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  load   format
truth:  databook   returns

test:  like 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  gcd   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  get the index of a python file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   index
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get ip address of the first defined in request or raise an exception if no client is not .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  derivative of the mutant function containing one group .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a template loaders .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a exprexpr of sqrtdenest into a list of representation .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  scan   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of the given presence from the given presence .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this string can be used in one of the line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict from certificate-pem-outfile .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the complex by path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fill the value into a string .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  change the comment line from where the cursor is [a_1 .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  move   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  is this a generic day or a tuple of the private key and returns a tuple of the chronos that is a tuple .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait until a vm has a progress session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  wait   max
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a exception thrown by making sure the exceptions that it does not catch any exception message .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  exception   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  returns leaf tree by calling the partial tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  string   entities
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that the table line is raised by #3319 .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  input   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  complete various samples of the to_device .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   return
truth:  count   count

test:  read the terms of the currently raw directory .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   list
truth:  object   object

test:  check if a tuple is advanced .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  check   units
truth:  is   null

test:  a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and return true if name is an abstract type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  function   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of bits allocated to the given value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap the function in an upgrade result .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  wrap   os
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of variable bindings with normal values from normal btmp .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove docker handler .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  null   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return true if this string was made for a blank string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return alignment sequence out of the given target sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  return   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  return an instance of wildcard atom from path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a line on the current axes .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of installed actions .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this makes sense .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  inserts   completion
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class name is a class instance .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator function to yield yield all the open data .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strings

test:  this function shows to a master config file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  do   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require english .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  normalize a given xml to a given documentlistaclfeed name .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  null   null

test:  user page: displays all events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  endpoint   calls
truth:  null   events

test:  a fits from a device .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert the given cpu to the corresponding 4 .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build a string to a 64-bit integer .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  build   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  literal literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial g in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate a test dictionary for the default test data directory .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload an object to the solc operation .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   files
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the amount of elements .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  convert the image image to the unix image if provided .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named source .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a value to the given key .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external dataverse using an dataverse dataverse account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   authentication
truth:  verifies   new

test:  determine the number of u'{}'] for an u'{}'] .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  counts   return
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess output colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  returns a normalized password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  password   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like *typ* .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   set
truth:  get   a

test:  a **celestial** is always calling this class and fetches a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a conversion or removes l{bytes} from the path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  check if a string is a valid name with this .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a full action graph and returns the schemes graph g .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  takes   redirects
truth:  missing   null

test:  list the named package as a specific package name the version of the package currently installed before the container .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  given a tuple containing individuals and a .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   text
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the repository then write them to the lists .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file to concatenate the list of strings using mkstemp() .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  create   create
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set descriptor for a descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get unpacked loops from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  filter all the key format specified by the user .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  config   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deprecated : constant value .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  prevent   a
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the estimated population standard error of the values in the passed axis .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the default normal transformation .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a pairwise pairwise function .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to single link .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an owner and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  initiate a blob from the metadata of a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  initiate   information
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build the given program to use the owner .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  we can parse an http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  create   verifies
truth:  null   http

test:  given a pre-test object .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  turns   display
truth:  render   render

test:  a function used to parse a lookup of the subtraction type .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  function   users
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string found in a list of invalid characters found in a single incomplete / .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the value of an instance for the given instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  fix binary with a binary image .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  fix   entry
truth:  result   result

test:  deletes a list of inventory generation for the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns the custom config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  initialize   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  load a brief recarray of a dataset .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  create a footnote ip from the order of ip .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  append   human
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2dismod for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  change the value of the errors form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  null   reader
truth:  null   a

test:  register a given application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  null   helper

test:  a context manager that initializes the given validation object .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for this process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  processes   processes

test:  renders the the user status for a review .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  maximum absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return certificates controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a dict of handlers associated with all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the complex array of input types .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an action is present and has a 1d attribute .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  load test from the dict .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  load   diff
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns javascript messages from json string of messages .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  load   messages
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for computing the flags value of a sequence .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  to   event
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  close   a

test:  return version info from block output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  return   update
truth:  take   pacman

test:  determine if the tm value is an instance of mututally .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  if   probability
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turn a device in the device into a device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  turn   entry
truth:  matches   device

test:  fix of nested boto3 prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  null   reboot
truth:  context   context

test:  create overlap to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  link   attempts
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json json representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  ensures a change of a set of parameter parameter settings only removes all the contents of changed parameter values .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  define   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the censure range throws an error .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   difference

test:  force the first leaf leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  if   replace
truth:  set   set

test:  get the vbd record for a given vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  import module by module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that a service is cleared .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_one_param __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_tag_current_app
truth:  expected   null

test:  check the input data .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns if a certain group is parent .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get an instance of a key usable in the instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  look   up

test:  clears all minions from all returners outside the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  check if a user has the given profile .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add an mathjax script to the file .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  make sure that all the files exist and dir_name are assigned to a tree of the same as fileutils : dir .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  make   path
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if the passed clause is a present in the list of present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  if   units
truth:  given   a

test:  return the existing directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  disable common settings from a console file .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  disable   returns
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the conch key object from a supported in the response .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open paths for the given parent document -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   decorator
truth:  open   open

test:  the function for log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run either the free free server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   mqtt
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse a type parameters to a what type is a list of params .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new page object .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   scenario
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  exists for web client .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - uses the table from an existing table - allows you to true for .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  this function returns drive pointer space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  function   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given field should be exported after a set of blocks .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  require a mysql user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  require   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create a directory for storing the locale .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the validity of a counter in h5py .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  catch permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if the module loads statements correctly needs properly .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  if   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string representing a base base latitude .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  reads the numeric key from a file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   information
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a footer string into an rfc newline .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the currently set .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the vms names .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a vector and a set of vector3s give the given coordinate .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  socket   submodules
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a qpointf to a string of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test path to the file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create create {'ipsecpolicy' .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot data .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove transcripts from store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  return a random integer representing the optimal n x n .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  return   store
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  user add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent the function call to the docstring .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  use   attributes
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the logging module and body for output files .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  function   print
truth:  unsets   a

test:  create random string .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup the resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  start   query
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request id .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  review   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  get the unicode text for the given text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object with features .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  null   add
truth:  make   a

test:  return the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a role with a user to description] .
truth: create a role . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add another user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all the user configuration .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   list
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : location equals number .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  imports modules from a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns list and status information .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  list   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  search a keys .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  allows   boolean
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a list of an existing framework .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string of the strings in a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns a child child node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city page .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  create a temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for views that checks we are logged in .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  to   set
truth:  to   decorator

test:  computes the unique tan function for the given center .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  computes   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all data to the db .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  public interface to run a remote index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  returns a tuple of hex tuples representing python 2 .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of users with the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add list of all statement and all statement which are sent to an criteria .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   new
truth:  typing   null

test:  return a value .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject review request objects to determine which is enabled .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   params

test:  return a detailed integrity form we care of a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  show   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run flocker-volume exit code with the given arguments and return an instance .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  runs 'initialized' .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the function to translate functions in numpy arrays .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pack   map
truth:  null   null

test:  extract the list of dependencies from the given collection of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run an attribute with a list of attribute .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add an object to an http method .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  sample   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uploads a git url from a method url .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  uploads   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  make a binary string or function for each keyword arguments .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  make   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively tuple by rslt .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  this is an object holding a attribute with the correct time .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  formatted   null
truth:  if   null

test:  open an sha]except tree using a given blob .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  open   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a list of pending tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  marks   dfs
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph of the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach the tags and tags for the specified query .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update unofficial tag with given attributes .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  finds a threadsafe migration instance by its name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an sqlalchemy cube_name object .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  user view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve the polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   calling
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install the given bounding with ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  main program process in the zones .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  signals   hook
truth:  expected   null

test:  fixture to change the init worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  null   null

test:  does the literal api: .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  work   work

test:  filter a value for a string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  value   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  resets all jobs between a job and boolean indicating a new one .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default config .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  help   help

test:  recursively return a list that are sorted from a collection .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   items

test:  gets current user model instance and column of given user .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function that instantiates to get the topics .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  memoized aka should return a list of functions .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoize   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  aggregate the content-range object .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  function   use
truth:  use   use

test:  serialize javascript into a javascript file object for use in a list of items .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  serialize   multiple
truth:  return   html

test:  fetches all messages that are currently loaded by the last messages of a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find out the absolute file .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  to   check
truth:  search   search

test:  the req/req/create of the current request .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  set   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays an active form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   user
truth:  displays   null

test:  given the png file this function is just here to make thread/comment format .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  identify   setup
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return true if the directory exists in the given virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  return   one
truth:  if   check

test:  destroy the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize and initialize logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   widget
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  save worksheet counts to a single openpyxl spec .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  calculate   individual
truth:  run   run

test:  registers the *index* ebs ebs file .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  formats   array
truth:  start   a

test:  capture the minion to which the specified user; .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  verify   list
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a raw list of an raw raw string .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the region name for the given region code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  check controller .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   checker
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  download the http membership request .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  verify   yaml
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a performance cipher .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  parse dns message and return its 0 .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  return   usage
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: ruby-metrics this plugin shows the job on the job .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  similar to privkey .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   attributes
truth:  wraps   a

test:  interface to subprocess .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  takes a team name and converts it to an shutting instance .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert to string representing the specified number of bytes .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets a float by name from list of module name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   user
truth:  change   change

test:  test to ensure that all modules support are installed .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  to   permissions
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the docker request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  complete   null

test:  returns single user id for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   a

test:  listen for a given filters from the current axes .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes the position in 1s and determines the pattern matching the most recent 1s .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  search   search

test:  support support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  gets tuple from a traffic server .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a message to the target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a python object .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  pass in the cassandra database cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the addresses from git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  show   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_device service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable or disable a page animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   url
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  take the difference between two dictionaries at a given guide / add it .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  imports the network from a file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  run   gaussian
truth:  model   model

test:  parse a string arguments into a dict of the corresponding python objects .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  get   seed
truth:  parse   json

test:  catch the user model .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a phone number to a phone number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  access   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  parses a callback string for option instances .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  to   callback

test:  check if user is an addon regexp .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  setup a single class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  setup   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  download celery waffle categories .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   handler
truth:  update   update

test:  check all closed issues from each issue .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  issues   list
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test efficient control-v image can be created .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   nodes
truth:  null   ticket

test:  try to execute one app .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  to   notification
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the output of the snapshot that can be created for the given snapshot .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  install   a

test:  checks to see if api and returns whether api is configured .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  null   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a theano function as one of the arguments in a sequence of dimensions into one of the supplied user .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   call
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set entrance of the student database to be created as a new course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  check   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  construct a model with the user with the given plot .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  wipe   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  this function actually takes a string or a long integer .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  null   status
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for timedelta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add transformed length to the properties of each axis .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  add   print
truth:  null   basis

test:  [base] -> g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  return   a

test:  get collection query additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   check
truth:  list   list

test:  this function creates the model instance .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   load
truth:  require   null

test:  given a directory .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the weighted metric specified by matlab from cinder .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate the given path to a file and return the given body .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  neighbor vertical filter at the given axis of an image parameters f : array-like input array or the first axis of the matched or sunday .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the given value is of the unix format .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get from the points .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration configuration and basic configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  return the list of rows in a single 4-byte character .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do the header wait for a single random string .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  do   params
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension in ipython and return its local one .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of valid backend corresponding to the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets a cache file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  sets   equivalent
truth:  called   null

test:  test that a valueerror should raise valueerror .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   length

test:  id view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view view
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  command   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  like formsets except for a fixed-size field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the certificate certificate certificate from the student page .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   request

test:  set up the pilight erroroninsteon sensor .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make the full version of the package name and version .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  add   add

test:  double : simple_stmt | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr equals double expr
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a single value string format into a python bytestring .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if the domain has a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  hook   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the small feature or superimposes .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   check
truth:  missing   null

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a batch of the given weights .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split the given image into an reverse-map image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  traverse   numbers
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  test the correct column represented by 10 .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  load all demo collections .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  extract a cookie from a cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a string representation of the images id .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert between two pyenv units .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  time   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the current systems module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a key from an iam key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return the repository portion of the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable or disable a function to the given course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  enable   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  define the metric function for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided object has a specific method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  download summary of component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  download   images
truth:  null   null

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  optimizes   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  module   default
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int to string representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generate a string for the given git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse json formatted function from json serialization returns boolean true if json is json or false otherwise .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  train   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  this will return the extension in an instance of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  create a blob from a blob .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists all the physical state to network association .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   state

test:  create a dataframe for all related models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  prefix all spaces by removing spaces from the text .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and xml signature .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  optimizer activity for matching changes .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  has   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an servicepair for testing purposes .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detect filter attributes of 'browser' attributes .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over the shape of the given shape .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  iterate   blocks
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the current request .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  return an iterator for the api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the n-th around a given argument of a to positive expressions of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or vd or vd or vd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function converts a ethernet version to a space-separated four four output .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  launch   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy absolute file system to another directory .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   time
truth:  copy   a

test:  see if byte string is disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  push a keys in a dictionary whose keys are ordered in lists of bytearrays .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  is   duplicate
truth:  push   element

test:  write a file to the previous log .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  to   permissions
truth:  get   get

test:  find an intermediate rechunk that would split some steps some steps to show their new rechunk returns false if the given new rechunk .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   find
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of sdk files to find the directory where filename is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a instances tuple to a list of instances .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given string to json so that it can be embedded in json become become returning json or used in json format .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  capture a resource resource name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  release   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  takes a random graph that are tuples of nodes .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper to convert a webob in_filter for http connections to the response context .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return package list .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert a timestamp to a virtual query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a list of visible courses configuration with the given key .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  add sdm positions of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  add   create
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns a list of the sql statements for the given query .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep things .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install the given application .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   runs
truth:  install   install

test:  returns an xml document for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   interface
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv path .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   test
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  set up the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  setup   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  annotation bad channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a table .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  create   working
truth:  test   existence

test:  test parsing the class decorator .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates a 'units' record for the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  append the sort of f to a list of distances .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  append   model
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test that we can still crash onto prefixless expressions .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  calling   run
truth:  null   ^

test:  return true iff image is given to the given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   moravec
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs the next state object from the given node .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  constructs   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  raise the message if the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  raise   shortcut
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  pick a table by name .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit events parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if the given name is a valid python binary and has cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a dict of admin group_type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  deprecated document .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  download   callable
truth:  if   null

test:  computes datetime and sets the result of datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  construct a single value for the given http response .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  exists a new dashboard .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install environment variables for the current app .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default get parameter matches the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  the argument type has been rewritten .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   argument
truth:  error   error

test:  create master index of master index .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load binary word .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  extract buttons .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   default
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  load the list of all test cases .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for current request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  load only from __context__ should work in python 3 compatible compatible transform .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   description

test:  return content and json string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  content   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add the given file system for the path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests whether description of p and v_1 should be passed .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  correlation   isolation
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a url .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  normalizes   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all join classes from css class classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  prints a unicode representation of the given expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  ascii   print
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check that sparse results gets both sparse results and test cases also test .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   isolation
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given aggregate id .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  when using config .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  plugin   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads the whitespace paths to have a put it to the given app_name .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  resolves   xml
truth:  make   null

test:  resource resource with http request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict to a python int .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  save the array to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a script to the virtual script for the given source .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  kills   null
truth:  source   a

test:  opens prefix from url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  url   url

test:  load a applications_parent x .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences of exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  creates   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new instance of the api being used .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a wall from a list of integers .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes html links from jinja and applies some tags stripped .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  removes   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id flag to the default workers table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   replication
truth:  add   race

test:  the 'search/mobile/down page .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fits arrays .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  arrays   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  do not display the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  do   null
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  casts to keep the supplied memoize function .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   fn
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box store targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   work
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  view   wrap
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  replace rcode for all neighbor reading .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  replace   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  generate a random string .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that the in-db file and directory are translation after the on-disk file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  call a function .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  get a user via password .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  get   user
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the replication key is json .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  if   get
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts the given xml token into a string representation .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a list of key/value pairs .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  return   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  report in string compatibility .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  has   current
truth:  calls   calls

test:  maps stata types to statas default dtype for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   dtype
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures new audio output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  registers data to fires section for the analytics section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  score for array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   k
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand the given column by optionally expand it by individual .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  given   null

test:  given a well-formed reader string .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   entities

test:  return the list of cover art associated with the given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  return   details
truth:  get   get

test:  given the difference of two typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  calling just a clause of valueerror .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  install   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  reorders the browser .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  expand   urls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the webapp url for the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   details
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class type for a class object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  ensures the specified config is a schema .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test get_words from environment on old poison - training version .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  is   list
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return the power of the aggregates .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns factory to apply orbits as local time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  len a init .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   dictionary
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return a list of all disabled version cli example: .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse blocks of stream into a list of choice blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  exclude   register
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  sets the current random number generator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  sets   standard
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve credit user information .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  known   updates
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return instance formatted string .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a new blockdevicevolume to a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  name of chi-square logic .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   triangulation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts a string to a numpy object .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for unary/binary check .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache-ing version of namespace_id .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the given name converted to a string that can be used as a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  text   actor
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user is visible in public .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  log out a message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  log   error
truth:  null   task

test:  returns text starting with a list of longs .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a string representing the current time and return it .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loops from boundary .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  executes arguments .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  command   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password form of new user .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  email   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test if current timezone is installed .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  intercept recurrent filter parameters coefs : ndarray intercept : int number of steps process returns intercept : ndarray intercept : ndarray the var(p) process of intercept indicating the number of
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   part
truth:  produce   linear

test:  create a 4 lazyloader function by the x_container_sync_point[12] and then open master and then open the result of the function .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   iterable
truth:  null   null

test:  retain the line for a line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses 'rhel-' .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  get the safe window object .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  object   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a pil image to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   pil
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the process is there .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager to serialize a secret model metadata .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  return a dict of all featured exploration classes .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the current cache of the supplied time .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  when passed in arguments to database .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  registers   entry
truth:  is   null

test:  create a change list based on the given curve and add it to the curve based on the curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity kwargs['exc on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   datetime
truth:  function   function

test:  get the specified member of the specified group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  view 3image .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  code   image
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a tablespace with the named server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   attempt
truth:  delete   a

test:  write data for a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  prints the contents of a file .
truth: main function . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strips all between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string from a string .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  decodes   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup the displaying angle of a constant .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  setup   helper
truth:  null   projection

test:  remove out a dict .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  makes   table
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compare the precedence type of type n from .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  compare   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the default credit datetime .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  view   view

test:  create a task property of a task entity .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a full resource name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the path directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup root logger for all the same handlers .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  setup   configure
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and add pillars output .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  gets json .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the communication between this block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   reference
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes the autocorrelations logarithm of a transfer scaling distribution .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  computes   mackinnons
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: set wrapper for the set of strings .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  shorthand for making a host to get a file on the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  null   find
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the diagonal with [+-]?d+ chromosome transform .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on remote server with provided sync .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return a key and optionally deletes any given time .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  return   time
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the data for the given key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to rebuild form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  function   show
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course in one and updates an existing course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   api
truth:  create   a

test:  online online --help and return its files .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  module   env
truth:  return   user

test:  returns ip with one specific blocks .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  ip   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from dataset .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a next object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that the threadpool thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  verify   copies
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  get environment variables required for environment variables .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  extend the main and knowledge for a tree and mako .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a thing of the given srs if the id is met .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper function to parse window arguments to return the values passed to the current window parameters .
truth: return a window . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return #ifndef float for binary classification .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  runs a function as a non wrapper around non .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves the equation differential equation examples .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   node
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a string of the user options .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   display
truth:  print   print

test:  returns a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a spm description for the spm .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to the given object .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  like qutebrowser .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   compute
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  add or characters .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  null   a

test:  given a chunk of pythons users ids .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory on directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  execution of argname .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return an xml element .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  return   completion
truth:  parse   parse

test:  gets the first query by name .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate a change value for given choices and return a new value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete models from model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   one

test:  the linear sequence .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check for restart .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  null   null

test:  like text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the node configuration for the given node .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   cluster
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the variable according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  cors cors cookie cookie after a user is not in the session .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the attributedictionarykey or the user .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email addresses for the given user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  returns a formatted time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a list of exercises by completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets fakedrivers defined image .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run a guest guest .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the fast matrix for computing duplicates .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a queryset of all activities views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the calculate stats between a single stats .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this should be done against multiple holidays .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  generates a function from axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the value of the named vm .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path and user config .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  use indentationisnotamultipleoffour' function spaces .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  indentation   use
truth:  use   use

test:  gets the name from the logic .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  input   input

test:  init an enforcer class .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   permissions
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get interfaces of the local minion cli example: .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  ensure that the user has permission to add a read function .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  allows   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the response message given an frac if the response is given .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  find   ldap
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the version of the table to the table .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set new fullscreen set .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the user from the page .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  mock   reload
truth:  routes   routes

test:  try to get the domain folder and then formats .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  to   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  multivariate normal normal loglikelihood of a diagonal function .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   sigma
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert linear .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  returns   multiply
truth:  divide   one

test:  transform a network to a serialized network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  transform   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  a list of lists of configurations .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file or directory for the list of os .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  evaluate the quadratic replacement of a given vector .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  is   *
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field types that will be checked for 2-bytes .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  split up to arr into solutions .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  turns   string
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts obj to utf-8 string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  create the string representing the given word and words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  return the vpc options object currently associated with the specified vpc id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - can be "turtle" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  return an fileserver backend of the current user .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reload a template tag .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  a function that takes a function and returns the call it .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  call   a

test:  checks a path exists and a file .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  apply gce as gce to one of the last policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the webapp context manager .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  sets   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] delimiter header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  this sets the depth from this process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  gets a response object containing the correct type available for the log prefixes .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an user from the gpg keychain list .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network data cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  counts list comprehension to list .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   number

test:  return a copy of the given value from a tuple or a transform .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints the demo and prints mappingtypes for the standard 1123 .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  report   coverage
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adding new 'sector to each multi field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a class instance in the module class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a list of tuples from the grid file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  generates   root
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is this way for the given random output .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message to stderr if an error was given .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   check
truth:  print   a

test:  return the global push status .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean if a forum already exists in the given course rolename dictionary of users access to check their forum .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns systemd version for given python module .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  resolves to backup files .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack iterator to deal with identical elements .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that the exception type correctly allows limiting the accept type to a variety of the exception given as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  find and return a script web .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url is related to the url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port system on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a single single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  given the path to the commands .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all services for a given service topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip address on a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function takes a purchase from ipv6 content object and returns a appscale fifo or path .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  return   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses response theme to a logger error log .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an avatar avatar for the given user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  view   serialize
truth:  render   render

test:  execute command using the command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the object to the 8-bit object student for the state of its macros .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return process_memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   remote
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a file to the given reason .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  wait   log
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the binary vector of the current thread .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  create   host
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to string .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   instance
truth:  add   vertex

test:  show the lasso field between services .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   implementation
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check users absolute error for specified: behavior .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid saving the same logging logging logging .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  saving   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the current console .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the xml element from the object representation .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if a instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  merge a phone token using the specified mongoengine for the specified guid .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  return   length

test:  check if the config lines are deleted on the specified config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  does   elements
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the posix path of the module that contains too directories .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  update json object to file .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  dumps   task
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  yield all sanity entities applied between the given sequence form .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  cast   get
truth:  put   put

test:  import the node generator .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  duplicate   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates whether the ip is local or not .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the ip address is an ip address .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  check   set
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raise the required version version representation for an required one or more protocol version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  a no-op test .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the grains for the given dict .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a string is none .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns datetime object from the current time .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  a helper function to get the tagged value from the last n module .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add body of a recent tile key .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   variance
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  return the signature from a python object .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory that is stored .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   null
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a shortcut to create a sequence of dependent calls .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the object has a given permissions .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a tuple .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  memoize   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a common item in the list for all elements of the given iterable .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   x
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a fraction b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available topics cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  language: pt-br -> step .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that is requested as custom login url .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  null   health

test:  dump printing files in the original dataset files to a list of asus-wrt dataset file should use for writing the original dataset as a backported dataset to the files in
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the arguments that the function functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns private files .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return the string in an if it already exists .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the directory of a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return user name for an integer name .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff filter that the specified queryset .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  sets a test to be used via the command line .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  sets   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  return a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reset cart cart cart from the coupon or post .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  reset   user
truth:  null   method

test:  send and remove the given yaml step .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  capture   replacement
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function to output a layer in feed .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the length of the key helper function .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   key

test:  parse snmp command line option note: the analysis config file is given .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  imports   error
truth:  check   check

test:  test the am[ data .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  mimic   apply
truth:  producing   checks

test:  takes an appropriate type and returns a _schema object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  takes   users
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to revert a task into the decorated function .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   packages
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  approximate polynomial .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  is   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  rename   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a transaction .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  destroy   return
truth:  create   a

test:  sets up a single allowance frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  url   saml
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the text .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops through the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is a specified function to prevent all the specified names from a target .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry from the worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print a string .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  build and return an version of a "user" wheel'] .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the latest version of the latest version returns a dict containing the name of the ports and their database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   runs
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes inline .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_assets page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path into a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a string representation .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  displays error message based on some of the error .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  exception   list
truth:  make   strings

test:  update the user status .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  ip   normalizes
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  install a function run the given arguments and run the result on the given arguments .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return the user dict of the given attribute .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  test that creation are always specified if creation is not activated .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  load output from a shell file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  users the application .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  initialize   logs
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively iterate separator from sqlite .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  null   a

test:  url should raise a 404 if not defined in the provided shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme from the database .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attaches list of simple_stmt | newline | newline must be displayed .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  file_input   suite
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders - all modified controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  this is a git-reset(1)_ that given distribution from bitbucket .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  is   return
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the attributes from src to a dst fields .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   entities
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary digest of the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  price dropped for continue .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  sets an image of the dequeue holding a dequeue sequence .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  sets   image
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  host   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  convert a python date string to a timezone date object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a function to create a tuple from a textual dataverse_add_user_account .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws key service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a tensor from a list of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  return   shape

test:  returns builtins elements of the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   replace
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel function inplace .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a service manager object from the metadata manager .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  get   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute the kkt on pml .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if all the arguments passed to the function does not exist .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  port of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  if   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute the forward mri .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the values of a 3d range .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  check markdown of markdown values .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  check   a
truth:  text   text

test:  put one value of the current thread back to static querymanager parameter on a specific format parameter .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  put   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   try
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a boolean function that return its interval .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  performs cleanup on a given infinite point number .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  exception   alembic
truth:  block   block

test:  generate a template .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mean of array elements given by the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   polygon
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to print xml tags and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  to   attributes
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this is with a new version of the form sdk document for a given .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check the current time is the data generated by specifying a small date .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  try and extract the column names from the provided column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  trending   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get any string .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   username
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take a dict and merge it into a list of target prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get json object .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review a screenshot for a given status .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  view   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  parse an index .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the unquoted icon .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  cached   null

test:  setup main hashes for the virtual switches .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  update   update

test:  takes a user uid and return a tuple of the user uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  convert   user

test:  get a avatar url for a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  formats a cix date string and returns xkcd datetime .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  opens a python file from a string and return its contents .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   strings
truth:  load   data

test:  transform any urls in the string or digraph a generator that yields multiple lines from a string .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  code   check
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns version of executable .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the names and guess for cr that do not have a tuple of the arguments .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  apply sample elements of an config file .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   status
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a directory at the filesystem .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  deploy   buildbot
truth:  make   worker

test:  replace properly formatted arguments with respect to their number of arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  replace   like
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate a dataloader metric .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   unpack
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  convert the given object into a circuit id string .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  one execute the summary script summary .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a template tag library given its full name and returns the module .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue #9 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  join   check
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  load a file from the given filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  return the bcache path specified by one-letter .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  array   array

test:  given a vertical policy to an image .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  given   calculate
truth:  fix   size

test:  load the length of a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  load   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return module name .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  module   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  build a campaign feed item ids used by a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return dataframe for the actual dataframe probability tprob tprob : int number of scores shifted in the actual data .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict to all the deprecated that contains it .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for compiled file .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  traverse   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the graph .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart traffic server on the local node and restart the boolean process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  sets the fatemans dtype for a given dtype .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compare a single package with the given package options: name the name of the package to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  compare   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  the inheritance .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  error   move
truth:  locate   null

test:  predicate for the given url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  the log_mean_exp used for the unix method .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  null   function
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  wrap two string with tokens surrounding the specified in a .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim correlation of s6 .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  modify   returns
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  asserts objects and plots are mutable to clicked .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  asserts   function
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  execute a summary .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a random gensim distribution with groups .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   one
truth:  create   a

test:  delete tensorflow time from object .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  connect to a given host using the host parameter .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  wait   check
truth:  to   try

test:  reset off the servers subsystem .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the clauses returned by the request .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  poll and serve the asset hash for the given starcluster .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  null   x
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  show the message with css templates .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  show   wrapper
truth:  print   a

test:  in python 2 this will be used as an json-compatible .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an sparsedataset .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  given   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a valid config as a valid python class and returns a dictionary .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts a string into <p> .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  transforms   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   information
truth:  print   print

test:  return the string name of the first argument .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  find the path and returns it .
truth: remove " . 
test:  look   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   metadata
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set print form as default .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load signature according to an encrypted certificate .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  verify   null

test:  run a command using targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the details of the provider concerning an instance .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  function   function

test:  currently active stack .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uses version from version to help bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the first element in a list of tuples are double something .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   split
truth:  given   a

test:  an utility to ensure that we can be used on the dicts .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  given   a

test:  sets a file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  index   index
truth:  moving   null

test:  add a new product to graph if were not already locked/unlocked .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adding   handle

test:  gets the currently active url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  close   connection
truth:  if   check

test:  remove any blank whitespace characters from the system .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode to unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  escape   duck
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the suite of the specified distances .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  this give an api entry from the corresponding api call to the corresponding api .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return a parsed capabilities string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  find   syntax
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the process used to run the process .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   system
truth:  get   get

test:  install a class instance of the **kwargs class upon quickly .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  install   sort
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create a composite mask that represents a composite mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_one_param
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates the port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language for the given 'facility .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generate meas and return a dictionary for the given date .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace any special characters in the given value .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for mutating getter function from a cascading property container .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  retrieves   attributes
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts the header .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  header   parse
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse xml file into a given regular expression .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  xml   xml
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a 'generate-secret-key' settings and decrypt it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the empty list if queues are an empty that dont have empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the contents of a http html string .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   localization
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging processor on the current just a list of result for this page .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 or unicode string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return valid invalid version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  get   get

test:  get block devices to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance for a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a relative time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  process for the task exit .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   service

test:  return the flag to skip .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  load   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  return a list of the state of states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  a decorator checking if a function is not a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   func
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generate a signed ints from an open file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  hsv   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove a given child text from the list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list of modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  notify is a html process that renders the content of a file object .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  is   type
truth:  render   render

test:  if the repository cannot be able to write a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  probability of a given value .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  generate python interpreter currently active xml document .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view decorator for popular requests that returns whether a user has the status of a status code for view .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  view   set
truth:  call   call

test:  set the view function and timeout until it is being run .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  run   a

test:  only load this module if visible and the nsnitro library are installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stops around modbus .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  kill   reports
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  find []power types for given pattern .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  find   template
truth:  get   get

test:  handle an action to execute an existing action .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a number to an integer or division .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check the given path if it exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne approx .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   availability
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  return   list
truth:  gives   a

test:  check a json or raise an exception if a particular url does not exist in the given url .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course descriptor .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of available units with more than ndarrays? .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   cookie
truth:  time   time

test:  evaluate tv .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  replace   split
truth:  splits   a

test:  return casts matrix from a transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   mirror
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  split a transformation by x by y and y into a new string or x by y .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  split   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  returns list of links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  list   function
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return width of the enumerated server .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  this is a helper function that automates parameters x : array-like the passed center of the points of x .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  is   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  gets the first where the previous callers is async .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  return   one
truth:  null   null

test:  parse several partsremainder arguments and return an antlr instance .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  writes a user to the given user .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  work   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in datetime object to a string .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a python list relative to the package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test a text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   default
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given services .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  searches   stub
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name and user data .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the key string sorted by reference .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper function to remove the extra line of a line prevline .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  sends   like
truth:  return   return

test:  generate internal length of externally string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  the dependencies are present .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   junit
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry the instance in this file .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   set
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  validate the source file and 1 parameters from the source file .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection of like it .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module module
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  module   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the firetv code .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test if args is a tuple of arguments at the given provider .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  prompt whether the given code is a user-defined code .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  prompt   one
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to another .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  read in the wxpython file and return them as quickly .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  read   update
truth:  find   find

test:  drop all indices to bad epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drop   dct
truth:  equalize   null

test:  given a url .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns precedence state of the state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find a file and return absolute path for a package that contains a local absolute path .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if required libs is enabled and load runner only if they are present .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  uses csrf off the csrf turn it to the request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  attribute   confirmation
truth:  given   a

test:  update the global websites update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return items as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  fetches the course for expired enrollment .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  updates   equivalent
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns the number of files to a single string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the sonarr binary sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a decorator to run a test suite .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write the given data .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   escape
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  execute the default configuration .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  call obj with integers so that it is properly applied to the integrated certain truth of the current config .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   solve
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making a new ndarray that is given by making a constant axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the image of the coalescing image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  changes   remove
truth:  sets   optional

test:  render a renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  render   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element satisfies the sequence satisfies true value of the sequence satisfies true if any element of the sequence satisfies the right tolerance of the sequence satisfies
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site associated with current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if nginx is installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get a sysctl sysctl from a string .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  return   search
truth:  expects   a

test:  register an error message in the config .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  register   attempts
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts and orm from id .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  insert   fn
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache of this object in the cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  report   pricing
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  look up the closest remaining remaining references .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  look   add
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  this is a class version of the remote class that attempts to be passed to an instance of a class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts an issues string from the issue .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches the datatype for the given exploration and version .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file specified by log(1+exp(x)) .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  find index where current occurence exist or > and open or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  find   return
truth:  input   input

test:  set the file currently being used .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  set   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  wrap   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send a bluetooth socket at layer 2 and return only the answer each time srloop --> none .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine the line numbers an empty line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  runs a given graph of a given set of inception model .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  run   run
truth:  model   model

test:  return a list of nodes of g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return formatted string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a sparse catalog is set .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  return the last date of all previous statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a shell command .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  command   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return the current dict expected from prefix object .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the statement which is being used to wrap a decorator for parent disconnecting .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  find   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an object from a s3 location .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   status
truth:  download   download

test:  determine if a string is some security output .
truth: utility function . 
test:  if   annotation
truth:  function   function

test:  convert day to mr .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the state of the storage <query> instance .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  null   null

test:  replace the given expression with expr .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  run pep8 under all .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a loader api function .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  decorate the test gets the args of a function .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  collect   test
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate methods so that the user where they are 404 .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  redirect token requests .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  requests   normalize
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the current time .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse function for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   jacobian
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the config count gets set correctly when the db gets changed .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return a custom logging template from the master .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return value is used to restrict content type and set it .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get point to a point .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  point   get
truth:  get   get

test:  private method used to perform pkcs#1 v1 with the given key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   function
truth:  linking   linking

test:  dump a text from a given file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  remove   read
truth:  read   read

test:  this reads the input stream into production .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all quote characters from a single space .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   parse
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  wraps words and escape it .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  wraps   find
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  return task details .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  yield a single log back into multiple lines .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   n

test:  the service state uses function to act in seconds .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if the user has choices in an action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   action

test:  returns a tuple of trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  count   count

test:  assume this object has a trainable string .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  assume   diff
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if tuples are equal to index .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return redemption code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of lowercase .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are not in effect of effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  roll changes a commit for changes of the current transaction .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  the typical is running .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the images table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  return the users users art name from user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  returns count of too sequences .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of the keys for a given cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper function .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the version number of locate version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the cuda subsystem for a model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the latest package .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format params to be used in post name .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  takes   validator
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate md5sum of a given file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  upload   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return column that can the given column on a column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  return   column
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  find a file represented by the first then process the path of the given file-like object .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  find   find
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a directory and all its modification files .
truth: move a file . 
test:  copy   attempt
truth:  move   a

test:  convert to ascii format .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the get of a user .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a fake raise_error function .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the xml tree xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  load   load

test:  returns all required fields in header weve if found .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  returns   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a node parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  to   xml
truth:  file   file

test:  print a histogram .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  add the contents of the input to the list .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  perform hexsum of maxima on string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register the limit in the owned by enforce() .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random bytes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load all plugins directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   log
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger to pipe .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  labels   modules
truth:  returns   a

test:  find objects for debconf at specified depth .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  function   update
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer value .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of messages using check .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  return   check
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check the config using the same config configured on this platform .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  given a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a command on an existing command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return an object to a given target .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  show the image properties of an image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  show   image
truth:  get   size

test:  turns the version string into a tuple of unsafe strings .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  turns   version
truth:  undoes   null

test:  connections order of an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  given   triangle
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file client and add it to the file .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive file .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  scan   scan

test:  url/title a random instead of tuples in python note: this will be an url/title one .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and rest api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  return a normalized string of a positive argument of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure that all the getrlimit service is available for getrlimit .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  ensure   equivalent
truth:  close   close

test:  show the grid from a manner .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  analyze   print
truth:  display   display

test:  write file to a given filepath using bom write file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  file   null
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads data file into a given object structure .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns email information from user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  email   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable the post excepthook for ipython .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   gateway
truth:  remove   remove

test:  evaluate the path looks like a windows tool file .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the index of the shared variable .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively copy a cache object for the tree .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  list   ros

test:  the dummy version should be a dummy version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to generate the command line and return a triple .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  to   index
truth:  null   identity

test:  attempt to rebuild a command using root python wrapper .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   run
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of json representation of instance names .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools egg is available .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the entire function for visualization 0 .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the index of the given hosts .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a sequence of sequence as a string .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  turns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return obj for the given obj and size .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  obj   os
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple way to compute a range of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  is   values
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a list of all the best tests from multiple times .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  call f on a logins .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to list of strings via text objects .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  string   text
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse tags from a source file .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  increment   value
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns the average clustering of a given number of values .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  drop a sequence of sequence together the arguments in a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  introduce   element

test:  do any httpresponse .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  do   check
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove an object that contains a team with team_name specific value .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all defined ip belonging to a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test inverse pygithub .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   block
truth:  like   like

test:  return the default group for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   entry
truth:  parse   options

test:  determine if a file is an application/x-download file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  if   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns data from yaml file type .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  raise   f
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a trailing filename or a url .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   path
truth:  make   path

test:  program : step line lt | lbrace le program newline .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  close the cumulative line number of the file currently read the first line .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  close   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merges the given default output from the default settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  merges   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  auxiliary function to convert an sdm to the sdm of f examples .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  function   vms
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get the hours period for the name of stream_name with details .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  transforms an inner inner node to the first element .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  sending   return
truth:  add   add

test:  concatenates id .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  poll   app
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate the various api content for a given user .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  generate   permissions
truth:  queries   queries

test:  load a higher order contractive autoencoder .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  writes input and should be more than fields_to_dict flags after the returned map filters .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  makes   edge
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test context manager .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  test   null
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sends password .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of all non matches for the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  determine a single keywords node and keyword arguments .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  determines directory containing key-value specific path of the directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yields the canonicalized hash for each directory .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  yields   test
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert the index of the sorted in chunks of polynomial .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  write a metric metric .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  write   queue
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expression -> builtins get codes where python interpreter is given .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  parse the url for the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  ip   query
truth:  executes   a

test:  test get_words from class .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the child threads of the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main entry point .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  perform a gif page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  perform   url
truth:  github   github

test:  allow a function to be logged in the recursive context .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  allow   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  append a time to the current context of the supplied context for the duration of the documentation .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  append   a
truth:  is   t

test:  objects the full database tables .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  look   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing all the required ids matching the specified repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove elements of theano from a list of dask .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  return   files
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the modjk information environments cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   run
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a tuple of bytes stored in the stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  log   null
truth:  write   null

test:  check if a proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  helper function to dot method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  function   method
truth:  export   method

test:  force the default special file .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  force   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a numpy data to a numpy data type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  range characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  zigzag is a packed encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  is   polynomial
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  start   a

test:  test two strings given a warning and b .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  select   order
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check reports to be sent report about email sent to the weekly' report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  entry point for the training or specified in the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  runs   analyze
truth:  build   build

test:  test the included api_key based header to ensure it works as expected to allow x-api-key based authentication .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  callback function to sanitize an letters .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run a process and extract the result if more interpreter .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   system
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a filesystem .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that the creation of an existing file is raised if not deleted .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  clear   test
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  we migrate the image and blaze the given image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  creates   calculate
truth:  update   update

test:  reads the first locales from the given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   update
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  shortens   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more entities from the given datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   helper
truth:  null   version

test:  open a single file using the given encoding .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   process
truth:  open   a

test:  add a key from 'launched .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if x is a valid curve of the curve contains the sympy function .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  returns constant value for the given maximum value .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  test the given neighbor bucket .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  setup   use
truth:  test   test

test:  make a list of tuples .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  make   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download data from url to download django commands on url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  open   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  utility function for creating hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  do   set
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution of the jones standard deviation in a predicted format .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert the given config file for the given program .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  launch the git version of git problem .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  git   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  this is called every iteration of all inline entries and hide global variables .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  is   cluster
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for views which returns a overridden revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   user
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  return the contents of a package from the given package and return a generator that reads all the data files .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively union a set field on the block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  union   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a link from the management device .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the user model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   read
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with cx on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  retrieves a refund enrollment entry and updates the course when a refund is posted to an httprequest context .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  fetches   updates
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all active applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  get   get
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump all existing controller for the widgets .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if the given edge cover is set .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  copy   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  returns none if the given value is a valid side .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  boolean   host
truth:  indices   indices

test:  import and return the module given the module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return the argument passed to others .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a nogotofail object containing finite fields .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make multiple colors within the data .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  make   null
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit the latest stream of the given rms or resets the differences .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   routine
truth:  get   response

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the output of the / rc cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  return   lock
truth:  calls   calls

test:  internal helper method to sort values .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a single adapter .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return indefinite sequence f .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command in the commandline thread .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  normalize the current directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  header   plot
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a new monitor with some system .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  creates   profiling
truth:  null   infinite

test:  determines directory and home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  lists   get
truth:  return   location

test:  return the correct gettext function for a module or module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to specify an event type stderr .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  to   version
truth:  make   a

test:  test that exceptions .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  split a list into a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the use of sitemap that preserves about json files .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  return a list of the deleted output with the deleted .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  the time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   current

test:  show a running system .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  restart   use
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a string to mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is used to mark a single function as a dict of postprocessing to be called before set .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure that all items of the specific object has no effect .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   tag
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a disk check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set a specific modulestore with a regular input .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   output
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gradient the gradient of the hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a relative rss .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   -
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the return true if x is using x .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  set   reference
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   patch
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns the path to the app features .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   power
truth:  return   power

test:  takes a discussion id and returns the result .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of tuples for this vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager to change the printed output of a with block enabled .
truth: override sys . 
test:  context   usage
truth:  override   sys

test:  main method for the config .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency matrix as closed start and end of the same time index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  is   runs
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  downloads   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a equality .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  format   assert
truth:  if   null

test:  this is for the user-callable space for each action in the owned dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  is   diff
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   sets
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns username of user .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the header path passed in .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the metadata for the specified sequence of features .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the best system users system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file-like object from the given file and returns the contents .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given directory has a super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  function   service
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a new hashing .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  function   flocker
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a method to configure the redis for the redis backend .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  returns   lock
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the given file for the path for the path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle handle is properly .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check whether we have a table to start new column .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  check   check
truth:  alter   a

test:  default function for configuration as the default type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  initialize up according to call .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  command   command

test:  the networksegments of the current filter module .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a file using discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   resource
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that this test should be followed or writing config file this function of the given proxy object to the python path which is not in an error .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   test
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a version string for the highest version that is used to pass it into the version of the version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  null   try
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a random url-safe string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  confine this module to openrc with unsupported installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  confine this module to mac os with grains .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates snapshot specific for q_port_id like poly .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  darken   null
truth:  test   test

test:  fetches one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  fetch   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  parse the q class .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets any field value for a field .
truth: given a field . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new graph of ints .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to haematoxylin-eosin-dab color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   user
truth:  to   null

test:  return current numeric timezone cli example: .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  open the counter file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   host
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for selecting selecting the most recent role argument .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a hash .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to a phone number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  load the rows dataset .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   strings
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return a users code object from an unfulfilled code .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the fn notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a table in ascending order by table with t3 .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  read   in
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale object for a locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to an bootstrap_formset format .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initialize the module .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  initialize   nltks
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  ensure that a setuptools is installed .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  ensure   install
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether the pell function is used for all the coordinates .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  determine   template
truth:  return   a

test:  test that item works .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a formatted string representation of a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  determine which messages of messages have more members .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  select   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the given word with the given k .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  create   standard
truth:  add   add

test:  converts a dict to a set of dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  converts   request
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator iterates over a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  enables the root module just classes of a token .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  build   null
truth:  add   a

test:  make a package version as string .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  apply   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively replace units with any of the given unit .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  given   a

test:  handle start'] start'] for describing the data .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   function
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this function sends -> blobinfo file to attach from a directory of target files .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  given the difference of two typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a string as cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a directed graph g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of available results .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   runs
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return the error message with a dot query .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the service default credentials .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a tuple of the given hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  pick   return
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run the command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli state on the device .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  remove a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   checks
truth:  removes   a

test:  example: {% user_display %}:: + default values .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  null   hack
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a message log entries and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scans   parse
truth:  scan   a

test:  create or updates the vpc table with the given vpc retry: if it doesnt exist .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   function
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return package fix for given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  package   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the key is a valid dictionary .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate md5sum of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  produce a string from an array .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  produce   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the string contained in the template context .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an array or a given an array of variable type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   sparse
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string from an opcode .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return integer as a python integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  compare   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  modify little instance of a wtforms for a given actions .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the logger from logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the value for a key in the user accountpolicy .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  setting   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  the current request name .
truth: says hello . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an error handler that attach a document to a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  create   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator defining the given function signature .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get a list of the data for all models in the given indexes .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that a given image exists .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  request   request

test:  import epochs on click .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  import   helper
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary whose keys are in the dictionary table .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  tokenize syntax source token into some respective source source strings .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  tokenize   code
truth:  return   line

test:  indent particular line numbers in the line size .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  indent   indentation
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in absolute format into degrees of integers .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that the function validator doesnt validate the given notation .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  return zip data from the given url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  fetches   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the shell command with arguments and wait for the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   output
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  helper function for creating a attribute name from the builtin directory .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   test

test:  split asset 'arg' .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reload user language associated with a listening language .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  publish   a

test:  return bracket value .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  cast   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostats .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that all have a newline or lines .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  converts string into a single space .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find child nodes and query with errors .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   configuration
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the flush .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  function to wrap files of work in the given path .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create a dictionary mapping entry from the given encoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  takes a palette and palette and colors from a palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries into a dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module names from the given package .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  restart containers and traffic server name .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  restart   gear
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t of user_display .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an object by name .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the figure of a figure containing the ipython image .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   plot
truth:  draw   null

test:  returns a list of exercises .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   a

test:  convert annotation between src and raw units .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  convert   callback
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  returns the given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  given   a

test:  adds timeline to the end of the given doc for timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  adds   video
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered date .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with ids of all user ids that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of plugins .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves ax^2 form .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create imports to pyname filter modules to use for instance modules .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return true if the object is a integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare of the y part of an image .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  shift   dataframe
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that activates an instance of a new accepted cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  indicate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the key}body response .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  do   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the specified command to use .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes polar = .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  expr   objective
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get an pynotify callback for use when the specified device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  get built data for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  built   download
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this function generates a polynomial that is estimated for the best execution .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  find   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates value after the values length .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  given   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from a docker container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  if bom is using the rest of the bom .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  detect   null

test:  serialize to a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available private files cli example: .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns whether the user is masquerading as masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a requests .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the given header header header is well formatted for raising an ssh header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  limit second per second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  socket   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load json file using a qpixmap roll to json so we can pass to the input_dir .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  load   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  convert a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run a command and wait for a with a given args .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  calls   commands
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the transfer function of an input matrix by edge transform .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  compute   pull
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  list available postgresql version of the current databases .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return an oxml addon by cloning .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   app
truth:  is   pkg

test:  create a symbolic symlink which also be used the secreatesymboliclink state to make sure that symlink cli example: .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   change
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure exception is an error message and raises an exception if specified .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  exception   errors
truth:  function   function

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  a simple dict which ensures that we have a dictionary of but keeps .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  transform entry to a git node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  transform   query
truth:  build   page

test:  the main task .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  run nova function or in the given series .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  run   setup
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stop a running job and terminate it from a given job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the facebook notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of a number .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the free mochadservice instance .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a text to a list of text strings .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and display all successful process .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  searching   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a query by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return a exists to use .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  accepts   a

test:  given a new synthetic validation function which ensures that the synthetic object has been used .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return current thread value .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  sets up after the standarddir arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  null   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a string representation of a struct description .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs a ccx of the course given a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test mime-type with llvm sample sizes .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a new page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  add   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string containing the coherence function or unicode .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all the data with the given protocol .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  null   newline

test:  apply rules with the same name rule to an xblock .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to disable translation language and code that was going .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  ask a figure with the samples .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  makes a file system format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  gets   null

test:  optimize must be .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a config engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case path is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  set the target .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect the given key from the current minion .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move a items or matching for one items of the items .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  match glob for all but belong to match the list of patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  pops   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve a json formatted date from a given certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   null

test:  replace all assets with one of the assets module .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  for hypergeometric .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the magnetic executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with macos and the allow_cache os x .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  detect parsing data contains a raw data and returns true .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing the testing execution is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  show a value in a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  open a function which can be used for the project .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a bucket key and creates a s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  use this only store and store results for belonging to a sqlalchemy query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  finds a list of module predicate .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   xml
truth:  walk   null

test:  override all combinations of xml order .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about computer device .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a new warning into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   set
truth:  packs   a

test:  print out the rep_doc authorcount .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create cross-platform input and return absolute input .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid with windows .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  retry everything in memory .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  define   loop
truth:  try   something

test:  run any function _exithandlers exit .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs lights .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the exponential distances for each pair of the matrix and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable a cohortmemebrship is in case when the user is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  disable   use
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list that converts a string into a list of the pattern using the regexp .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the host is sunos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  function   function

test:  build a list of non paths and return a triple .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  order   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return lines containing the front 200 for the request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  header   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an html by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a wsgi tool shed tool from the config file .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple statusbar the statusbar looks like an error .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   traffic

test:  build the string with special characters as necesary .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  removes a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return true if app has customized method attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get modules in the module class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return available iscsi output from available rules .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of arguments from processing .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  decode x **in infer node -> x **in node only .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  text   return
truth:  null   part

test:  replace characters found in value .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  grant   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  convert data to a task class with aes and set it .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  turns   encrypted_data
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  copy data using github url .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  copy   pull
truth:  to   attempt

test:  cycle through the possible credentials and update the first one that works from the the given host and update the the the config .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   function
truth:  get   get

test:  set the slice of all the given expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  set   disk
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded bytes - the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 8 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  recursively function to wrap keys in the provided dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  to   filters
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the path to the minion using salt minion cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to get the grains from the selected one .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  format json json json string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   comparisons
truth:  format   a

test:  find the plot from plot array or int .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  find   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a page where the user can check the user has all rights rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return lti dict proxies .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  is   block
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  test   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  attempt to load a module or block device .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   module
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an css template note that a full string is a full of the full collection for the provided css .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy data from a file .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   a

test:  the user about a view .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  to   user
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup bokchoytestsuite with various pieces .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  detach   program

test:  send a string .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   current
truth:  send   a

test:  delete specified image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator that caches the attribute of all subclasses of -= .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  this calls the windows registry for the given registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   script
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the path to the element in the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  object   object

test:  *chained the formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  =   helper
truth:  null   formatter

test:  update this task class .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  update   task
truth:  format   a

test:  kill the text from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  to   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  a decorator that adds a function with the decorated function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the background color of the function limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  if the given field contains multiple threads .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  drop   unpack
truth:  given   a

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  parse the given text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  redirect   check
truth:  check   check

test:  checks if the node is complete for a start of the given start of a single event in the start of the place .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses a given image .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: reproducible this plugin shows the jenkins reports plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery warnings and job main page .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from paths .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  write a full representation of a full file containing the given text code .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  maps   links
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove the weights table .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncate truncate after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates and their rq .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add a user code and implementing the service code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  normalize prefix has a javascript code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  has   a
truth:  has   js

test:  get the database version of the latest engine .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  get   force
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long to a file where the way is an array of one random variables .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  attempt to parse the given uri on word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   null
truth:  look   up

test:  block the path from the mtime folder .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  null   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp list list .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  private method to detect a dict of 'browser' and return a dict of 'browser' details .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  null   time
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of valid languages from locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a comment from a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   check
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the points of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  filter out the popular tree .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  input   null
truth:  running   running

test:  verify calling methods using its defined class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  calling   no
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return a string out of the last function called on the fluorine' functions .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  load and load an affine quadratic file .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  null   load
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a package access dataset .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   context
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command and waits on the remote server .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the literal representation of the expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   literal
truth:  if   checks

test:  add to string in readable format .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unregisters specific privacy .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  check if a vpc with some of the given permissions or name .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against multiprocessing slice .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  the log traceback for every log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  output   use
truth:  log   log

test:  require an email user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a null-terminated tag with evironment and tag name .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   host
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   get
truth:  process   process

test:  given a directory and set .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  create   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is enabled .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value for the given params .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if discussions are enabled; else false .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   stop
truth:  null   method

test:  classical line candle .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  short   convert
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string from an index object and return a triple of the resulting spec .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of available package names on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  insert to feed .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   null

test:  update addons+collections download .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string in lowercase into a sequence of strings .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one or more file from [default .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  return   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  duplicate   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  query a "start" based on the query .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  apply   list
truth:  null   negation

test:  split host string into sequence of hosts or empty string .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for a given model or cached .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  passes   default
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle to cache and pickles an object .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   function
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current subtitle subtitle delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the argument name list of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  multivariate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check if the given string is lowercase .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  if   check
truth:  yield   null

test:  this generator provides empty nodes of n .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the process at the given pid using the given pid through the process .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return whether we can generate an ssh member .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  takes   render
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   append
truth:  create   create

test:  get the cascade logarithm .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   seed
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create a client client for this client .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  test that we can make sure that integers are ambiguous; .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert to the length of the iterable object .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic fit .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   validates
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts a datetime tuple into a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  mock exception due to code and code in the given value .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   code
truth:  save   current

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas scrollregion .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a node is expected for blinker and remove any negative contact .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cumulative density function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  time   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  same as kumascript .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the rules for the given matrices .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  set permissions for a given path whose exit the user is set to true .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  sets   change
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send a context for a recipient email .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns the version number of ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the first line with the given endings endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  vcs   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores restores the logger with some of the given logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  bind   use
truth:  installs   null

test:  return an absolute path for the given sibling .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is a valid string and is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  include   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the defaults from the defaults for gone and return a handle .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  configured   override
truth:  null   null

test:  determine if the given encoding is valid or factory function .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  if   inverse
truth:  given   null

test:  write the sequence of member fasta files as a sequence of met .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  os-specific doing double url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  format   decoder
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  takes   article

test:  identify the client api call if it is possible .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  an non-nan floats or float values .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  to   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  modified an absolute path to a file .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieve rate per second from cur_time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve role list of roles since last update roles .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the cumulative power of an array x .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   decimal
truth:  null   null

test:  handle the image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return compilable with a service template .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a source proxy to a app using an email address for a given app .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  set   storage
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  compare replication commands .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  train   echo
truth:  lookup   a

test:  mdadm provides raid functions .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  insert a core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  constructs a fake view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   magic

test:  wrapper for the given page .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   render
truth:  published   create

test:  delete an directory cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with a specific ruby version .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  takes care of *ax* .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  return a module name for the given module name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the certificate fingerprint using given certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  get a list of all the permissions for the provided role .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return number of releases for releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   version
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  l l are generated by a structuring image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   add
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  writes current fastq in fasta 6265/2616/1123 .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a function by name .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  mark   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe a user .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of unique elements of x in the given list of words .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object by adding an xri or uri to the ascii dict .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   search
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check dyad[ of batches .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  list all the files in a poisson object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  list   update
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read in the entire contents of a file and return parsed locales object .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   endpoint
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true if the given options by selected options are currently selected select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  selects   a

test:  given a module and an object .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  import   a

test:  start the y_{t-1} .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  start   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute the rc2 representation of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  initialize the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  grab   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the causing options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  test shell displayed through various attributes .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  configure the provided content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a series of tables that matches the provided and intersection of the last latitude/longitude .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   input
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  format a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  format   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for this exploration from the given exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  convert a file at npz into a npz file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  call a function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   +

test:  ensure if a previously deactivated cache is not activated explicitly when cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   cache
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the next value in the hour lists of each mean from the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a raw file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  create unicode string from authorization .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  unicode   search
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a raw header string .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  return   conversion
truth:  null   frame

test:  handlers the addon handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish the user .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  create   host
truth:  marks   execution

test:  return true if user is masquerading as masquerading as not .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an email response body .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a list of all active template requests .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  modified the given c{unicode} string that supports all the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all columns for a user .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic channel for the current thread .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all images have the same images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the reference count of a media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  used   count
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it should help command for help .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  null   help
truth:  help   help

test:  takes a system commit time without the contents of a text file .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  require   interface
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see insert output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the given template string that first loads the given namespace .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the packet .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  fixture to update a class instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  fail   tables
truth:  try   fn

test:  form a list of auto .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  form   process
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  cleanup   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return high-pass find our recurrence combinations of n problem parameters n : array_like a time series for which the time of simple elements are coprime from scalainferreddepssources .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   find
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a value to an discrete status .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   add

test:  simulates the plugin .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  docstring   alias
truth:  enables   readline

test:  change the primary fixed resource and replace it in the amqp resource .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the cluster size from the cluster string or its size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that we can fit a regression .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  transforms a log file .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  transforms   generic
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse string to unicode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  'i : integer < field_type > .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   threshold
truth:  null   null

test:  return the url of a piece of minions .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the hash for the a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  update an event for the given model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  callback   send
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  null   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge all the tags for a package .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts the function from code and extracts the number name or calls .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  code   code

test:  guess a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  check if value is true .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  if   option
truth:  was   option

test:  send a message to a hipchat token .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   null
truth:  file   file

test:  get the current oldest interval .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  if tool fails .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  if   filters
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   user
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a possibly string into a list of tuples .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all callbacks instances of the callbacks .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set the guess value of the element .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   number

test:  activity hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  skills   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  a simple task to render a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  create   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return version from short .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure containing the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this will return an instance of an arbitrary operation for use in tests .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add the command views for the command views .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  help   alias
truth:  create   options

test:  generate font font which only be shared if necessary .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator extending extending method with fresh .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  take string from document .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  to   helper

test:  rgb to relative color space conversion .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the source string from python list .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number of epoch string to a datetime .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  convert numbers to an integer from the device using spaces .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert the string representation of the string to a bool empty strings .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   null

test:  add api to the site_url server .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  step   url
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad record .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   read

test:  connect to the given service version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  use   null
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly linear unit function based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the output file as an existing directory .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the minion configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  use a remote mainloop to track the mainloop object whose mainloop .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  use   set
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users by id and form .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  email   versions
truth:  project   users

test:  changed a user event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  prompt   changes
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  when the field name is required according to the cluster .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   html

test:  make overrides team into 'abuse .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  computes a simple subplot function which computes the standard value of the substitution will be turned on the firewall .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  is   cluster
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  read exactly displays the master or method .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  is   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test for the given bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  test   work
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns true if the given method is those that it .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  list the value of all messages for the given scan -- the mutant .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the filesystem at the given path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   path

test:  align the given alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return true if the field returned by a most of values .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  display a message value prepared .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  display   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  logical image tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  pop   selection
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  event for all devices .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare a pillar and client the pillar specified in user .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   up
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of all group_types filters .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  create a mine to the new location x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  called   drop
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime usage counters .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize and return the configuration .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  initialize   in
truth:  config   config

test:  the sum of _thread .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string is a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  load the results of g .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  load   load
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the next item of multiple random numbers .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function for the module into the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a polynomial in k[x] to f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before they decreffing from a comment .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  returns a hashable value of the content in a fits string or leaf .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  this is a script that will be used and set test cases .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  function   pexpect
truth:  run   core

test:  converts a kelvin int into an rpc-safe color string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  fixes a string of bytes .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  function   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete an existing service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs stdout on the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the c[u] communicability of g for all node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  combine the global class and needed to global request .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  take   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the given files found in json files .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   json

test:  from github issue #1256 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  str->str app .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version string for the currently installed positions .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  clear sqlmap and drawing information for given clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the node from node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume type by project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   -
truth:  get   get

test:  this is the tail argument to the _convert_string_array against the symbols which geometric tab corresponds to the paginator point positive integer and simply return the internet under the internet function
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  create   create

test:  load a dictionary of pairs from available in order to load each folder .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   yaml
truth:  load   dask

test:  return the horizontal mean of the first defined in the flattened log .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads the numa information from a collection of keywords and numa out the data .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  is   read
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the test case correctly import would exclude only the module common import explicitly by py3_base_modules other - testing .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  read log file .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  read   n
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns user user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  sequence of polynomials .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   values

test:  save cache for registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a string representation of the specified api from a specified api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the default levels to use for the given bundle .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   none
truth:  is   null

test:  connect content to a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get pairs describing all keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of s where the values of .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   get
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the given cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   fn
truth:  delete   a

test:  list the config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns source and its mapping file .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   validation
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create and mirc data to match data and mirc action .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq virtual host is absent name name of the virtual host to remove runas user to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calling function .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  function   equation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all the requests found in kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   http
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the u'unknown' mapping type associated with a given content_type .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  given   a

test:  opens a repository .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  command   hermite
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dump - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  domain a constructor .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  pass   phonenumber
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a string as a long to be replaced by passing for use in valueerror .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   function
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  initialize the given settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   reports
truth:  initialize   null

test:  parses one or more choice header header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate errors to get confusing according to the local .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper method for the specified datastore key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  see if there are no test .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  if   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for a arrow of content on the same content .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  left   a
truth:  check   check

test:  importing w/ an empty string .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  string representation of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the static' jinja2 .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the user-specified variance of a sequence .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container set of invalid container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  iterate   status
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  escapes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : enumerator_list colon declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  convert a color by integers to an integers color .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root tree of the given node and the first one .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  optionally mean of input stream .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  null   method

test:  match time to make sure that a array of matrices are compatible for consistency .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  run the root code of a cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  code   socket
truth:  let   null

test:  as an interface from an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the actual file path as a another .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  create a jinja library object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  create   list
truth:  return   return

test:  this decorator makes sure the combo has a valid test_values .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate checksum of commands file_owner/file_id .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   set
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test channel-picking positions of raw positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the ssh message so we can safely use for vhds .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  get   bool
truth:  check   window

test:  replace the sequence by passing its reference point .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the treewidth of the graph g within n node sets .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for displaying features .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a string that match a regular expression .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  create user-level objects from node which is particular for the node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  create   format
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing from a assert w/ egg .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get the list of diff for the given source .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all running running modules .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   information
truth:  running   running

test:  ensure the public key exists .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that adds a function to the default function for a handler .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line that has line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  this function should be a logged in memory mode .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  function   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  find a path to a directory .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   path
truth:  find   a

test:  uploads uploads for the json .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   update
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the given tab is needed to the latest sql table .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  make   validates
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url for remote access to remote server .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  sets   app
truth:  set   app

test:  switch the current user to perform confirmation headers .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  teardown   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   checker
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads egg uploads to the world uploads .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  generate a random column of a given input note: the range of an interval spanning the returned matrix starts with a number of normalized probabilities .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  add   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  parses a cpython bucket name and returns a static bucket name for a musicbrainz bucket .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a keys in a given kind .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  returns the topic to mask for the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  build   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse the credentials in the given site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  proto information about the kwargs['extends'] file .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  decorate   checks
truth:  add   documentation

test:  return a dictionary with all the paths stored in the collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a python object from a document .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  mark   response
truth:  null   null

test:  returns x in each row of the row onto w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  rotate   x
truth:  null   x

test:  returns the most recent cart metadata module from the passed request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  view   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  check that the theano and normal vector is zero .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list to a given string .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator that yields the available passedastringorbyteobjectinsteadoftrueiteratororstream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add public stub to the revised stub .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates an zeroconf service instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  stops   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type of wrong objects while passing a wrong state of wrong is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds one of a finder of url links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  calls a docker client .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call -> closure go function .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  call   socket
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the list of average codes with the given language .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: si issue #1256 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   union
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check newaxis]return and note/thread computation .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  check   confidence
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   api
truth:  loads   null

test:  return whether the current process under gid .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add network tags to a dict .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load new file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  for hypergeometric .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   qt
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the path for an object .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   attribute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function will open the whole dashboard class via instructor and open the course dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in the cache into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  gets cpu tables .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  fake   find
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random ascii string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  replace a string with invalid characters that are available in a given format .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  construct a complete backend specified by flow or flask response .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  function   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send packets at layer 2 prn: -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  compare image correction of the given axis .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  compare   days
truth:  mean   mean

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  speed   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  render the given template .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  render   set
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  view   category
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the list of available network cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  make a protocol and client generated by name/module .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the datastore storage file as a string .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> int like find but raises valueerror when the substring is not found .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the row and save it to image_upload_to .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture providing the root directory .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  model   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return a list of dictionaries of input and output keys .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  keep   null

test:  return an element of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  find   test
truth:  return   return

test:  list all individual website website url .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  to   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  disable all repositories in the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  disable   profiling
truth:  enable   enable

test:  network network device - the login .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   snapshot
truth:  writes   a

test:  yyyymmddhhmmss version of xs and ps for xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  function   call
truth:  plots   a

test:  hac covariance matrix assumes we have a time series with consecutive samples assumes we have a time series for time series of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  creates minimize sql statement that map to all sql sql statement .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  find the first .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  find   run
truth:  list   list

test:  path - / .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  registers a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should prefix output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the source command .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule in a rule .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets dict2 from data structure .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  one or more given function .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  return   one
truth:  try   try

test:  create only the table sharing order markers according to the right model .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test of color values .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  formats the string as oauth server in the given succefully .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  merge   format
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a manifest' archive from the given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache site to be disabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the id for a field .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  to   object
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert api source files into account .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return true if value is a valid entry .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename into extract_dir which contains zip filename called when zipfile into zip encoded filename .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  get the path of client_dir folder .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  string   find
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure the easy type correctly handles certain type encoded .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a new decorator to require a new addon .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  force   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create an action for the given shortcut .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the file system to the mounted job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   disk
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a connected word after a file .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  exemplify   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  gets the gravatar hash for a given email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  code   checks
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main entry point for the the interface from the commandline .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set a default ruby titles .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  for a rule used to check if the rule app is enabled .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  mark   configure
truth:  execute   null

test:  check that the signature .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  check   change
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test for nth the field causes the multiplicative integration if a field will call the changes to a mutable instance .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  formats the data and sentry string to a mako arguments .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the internal file .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  sets logged in the current cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   download
truth:  return   return

test:  start all existing service .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  start   interface
truth:  testing   testing

test:  l2 for the average of the given file .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  offset   host
truth:  mean   mean

test:  replace new order to global columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  replace   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  if   mask
truth:  test   len

test:  in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show a list of available kernel cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  a convenience function for the first argument passed to the place of a previously added .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   refresh
truth:  given   null

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components of an array of path components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that the specified config is in the group .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns whether it should skip the entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  allow   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all special characters with their escaped characters .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   module
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a list containing a string from a list of numbers .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get text with text .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  list   list

test:  cache object that either an object or the cached value or cache serialization the state of the object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  object   get
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively collects two dicts in v1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  take a slice tensor of the axis each pixel tensor with the lowest axis .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  take   function
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the start and starts for a given list of start .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  provides   strips
truth:  block   block

test:  validate that the formset is a valid bool formset for being a github url .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runn past a temporary directory if it isnt removed .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  missing   files
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with root output .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  if hosts cannot be used in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  test   cd
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  all consecutive characters in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a core order either accept the substitution order using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a network domain object by its formatters .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  get   a

test:  handle the default tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  handle   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a generic enzyme table .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  is   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes text .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of plugin extension .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the reverse misses .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a raw tag tag .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  breaks   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a tar object from a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   structure
truth:  loads   null

test:  find the registered services and find one with the given name .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache host .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve a single url for a url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  given   null

test:  basic update abstract abstract function from the config dictionary .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  null   update
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the stats date of a file update instance .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   update
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  transform   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  imagemember imagemember among the column attribute specified by signature .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  raise a percentage: field if available .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  raise   parses
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ of the cosine model .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  threshold   compat
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to format and return a dictionary containing the dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete text objects from object this function takes regex on the given object and converts them into a specific json separated string .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  adds the users home assistant song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  adds   key
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple into the expands but the elements .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add the value from the specified changes and community .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  add   list
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create featured activity references for all featured calls .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  create   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return s3 cache directory and cache if necessary .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test whether the table already satisfies the provided table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  text   check
truth:  null   null

test:  this is this method checks if the vrouter does not exists .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  module   module

test:  append a fake http header x-forwarded-for to bypass a fake http request .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the local run .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  runs   site
truth:  get   get

test:  return the complex source code .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   boolean
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a string of a datetime .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  string   string

test:  a strategy function for 1d whose mean parameters x : str returns mean of the optionally random array elements of x : str the series of mean of x is
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  return all nodes of the nodes of g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the course has been enabled for the given course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply the result of linear operators .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  runs   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  wrap a function arguments arguments arguments such that the decorated function args are exhausted before the execution of a test .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of channels according to the given image .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  try and return the finder class specified by user .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  removes   users

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the singleton from the unicode string as a tzinfo .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  unquote s .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  s   tag
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  helper function to find the ssl arcs for all available ssl .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get configuration value from the current config file & user settings .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  allows   option
truth:  copies   copies

test:  retrieve information about the device special characters of a named function cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that the signature of a certificate has a valid certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme library default value: none this value is configurable .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return a list of tuples like { prime to the number of spaces .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  extracts one random identifier in the beginning of an styled .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  find   find

test:  set segment by multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an annotation from a string of protocols to a space-separated string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the path to the file name .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   get
truth:  files   files

test:  cleanup the cache .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  cleanup   up
truth:  run   testcase

test:  force a new request threads to the given url threads after the container .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  return a list of unique elements of input which can be sent to princomp .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  import module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   module
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts that most newline have a list of specified in category .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  asserts   list
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get information about the user based on windows user name .
truth: return user name . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are deleted .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   edit
truth:  provide   null

test:  list all user ids .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   date

test:  returns a pointer to the given thread-local window .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  if   occurrences
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers nearest .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  log   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  return system .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  return   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  project a image with a given image or pil .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  updates all the p and took .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  takes   lock
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the best flags vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all distances for the distributions that are supplied .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  limit a list of tuples according to the collection .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set up the netatmo devices and offer events for covers .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  set   register
truth:  track   states

test:  extracts http response body from the beginning of a response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over edges in the graph .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest derivative of n i .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a key function of the given type .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  register a new random identifier .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  register   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read in a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   analyze
truth:  read   feature

test:  takes a list of lists and returns a single item in the sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  takes   number
truth:  empty   a

test:  cook cache edit page .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  email   email

test:  three all recursively and one expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace will be overwritten: variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the maximum value along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  arrays   power
truth:  null   range

test:  the main function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if port can be cast as a string .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the http url to a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  send   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test whether an object is a valid function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  checking   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  calculate the likely of the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  log   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the xenserver encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   output
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute standard frequency condition here .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   deviation

test:  better port_eth sphinx public@must url .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  limit   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: the names of the names of this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  pick   get
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the text at the provided nmark so were last line .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  null   =
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  add   change
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass to a list of complex examples .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  given a list of increasing .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> iterator create a multiple of effect with the given args and timeout for the given args .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return paths to the given package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup region to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the string specified by replacing a 64-bit report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   number

test:  retrieve a catch from the uh .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return a status code given the specified logger name and logger name .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  is   tuple
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a user string or the warning table .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   install
truth:  issue   a

test:  generate a gravatar avatar for the user and profile .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given addon for the addon status update else false .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  document   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import an returnpackage specified by the given name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   try
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that imports are not part of the state .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create program test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  null   app
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start similar to salt minion .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   up
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to a file path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users belonging to slack pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the n-th coefficient that is described in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  creates a class from a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  extract   decorator
truth:  null   version

test:  send an ip connection to the final username .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  sending   files
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  a view decorator that adds headers to a response object .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an array of non-zero bandwidth of split/interleave params .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   diff
truth:  null   derivative

test:  inject this endpoint to the given error or implement a function which has all the participants part of a particular error handling .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  matcher   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  estimate elements of a distribution parameters using a stripping distribution parameters distfn : array needs a physical csp or filled with upper power of the x given points using a
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   host
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  return the size on all interfaces .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a equality test to set .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  add a filter logs for disk .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  disable   use
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of tuples from the list of web that have a static into static files for each web modules .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  identical the password by password .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  scans   email
truth:  make   null

test:  the wikipedia cannot find if the set up to something that the right command line .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   test
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  delete a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors dashboard for the domain .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  aggregate   aggregate
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  transform data argument to use parameters: .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   component

test:  sum and append a satisfying .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert datetime to a timezone aware utc timestamp to the current time .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an existing pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  test if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   standard
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the derivative of a list of derivative function by reading .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  the last axes of the palette .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the file path to the given command line in sys .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  create   redirect
truth:  performs   a

test:  check the type of an allowed type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get a list of rectreeview .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  take   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the flocker nodes required for flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the strict for the given memcached .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the contents of a sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  parses an array x .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http error for factor and its threading data .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  file   set
truth:  function   function

test:  search a query .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  query   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the key that is an integer following the specified rsa .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing pickling evoked .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  int   compatibility
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse the infiles line of infiles and parse infiles and parse it to the contents of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for many groups exist in testing with file names .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check whether the given addon is installed .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the lower prefix for a target .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  make   urls

test:  option for numpy array for quantity .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  null   a
truth:  features   features

test:  test normal form -- same as male tuples .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  we call a function on a host .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  log   call
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  pyname the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  ip   search
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two items from a sequence of items .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  enable the database .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  enable   table
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled given derivation to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   counts
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if the css selector is present in the css of the css selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a validation build object from arguments .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  create   send
truth:  build   build

test:  check that check for use in policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  look   null

test:  return a url for the specified coordination instance .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the bcpy of the dataset .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to a hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to locate the grep location if it is run .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update request metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the url .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print the error report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  code   no
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a string to a datetime object .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  string   string

test:  get a repo from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask a figure with error messages .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator that marks a view on a slug .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   enforces
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the value of the user has fulfilled .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this decorator is currently used in the api call .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  flask   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  show the status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  look up a batch with the given name and 'shape .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  look   wrapper
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a dictionary of sequences as second magnitude list of numbers .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   data

test:  get click of channel types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  decimate   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the given header name to an integer method .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  does   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  'infrastructure add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  return a string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  return   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  since this should be in a autocovariance matrix .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  -   details
truth:  check   check

test:  add quotes around a string and surrounds with " and surrounds contents .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the specified namespace string from datastore or none if namespace is a datastore .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract the tags in a list of tags from a given node and page .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  line is a proper label with a numpy label .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine whether the current value should be performed for a line .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 string .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync folder data from all installed apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  returns a list of first activities from account .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given an integer .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a state_changed index name .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  converts   domain
truth:  host   host

test:  test that we can test with a message from a message .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return url for google cloud storage .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   a

test:  add a module to new .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  tell   module
truth:  add   a

test:  test reading report report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  accepts   test
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts stream of bytes of in_stream to out_stream and out_stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  split and save the default aitchison-aitken path as me .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  convert   image

test:  return the shortened graph for the given tool shed after the repo_info_tuple in the start .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  log a message and log .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  output   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  if args is not passed in .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the local json file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reshapes the image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  resizes   guest
truth:  increase   image

test:  render filters and agent string for a given python object .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   string
truth:  render   a

test:  removes list item from a list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return a json tuple of strings .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results for numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  either validate our config of type config .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  dump   update
truth:  update   a

test:  make a session by name .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path to the module containing the place of a module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  test whether a given scheduler is available .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  if shape is an instance of a .
truth: if possible . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a string to a natural name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  function   null
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return string representation of the map .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  lists   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry a function into a tuple of exceptions .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   decorator
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product properties of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether value is a string or not an iterator that checks the requirements passed .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the value corresponding to the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a network and a network that only returns the true if size is a network - a network - non non non - it is a network - ellipsis
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return date in the date where the user has set .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   values

test:  return successful with feedback form .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  adds   settings
truth:  extract   null

test:  run a string representation of a python object .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  to   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a tuple of the contents of the given creator .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find identity pool by calling pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  return up to multiplier in seconds with filename .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  return   quaternion
truth:  round   method

test:  return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  function to do the response data for google jwts responses .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply two variants and a 2d results into a baseline image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the custom flavor properties for the given flavor .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  identify   flavor
truth:  extract   null

test:  a illegal way to mark a regular expression is available in the services .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  null   null

test:  removes multiline comments from a source file .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  sanitize   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list version of package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  list   cmd
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies a pointer to check the result of a function .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  set versions with given workers and b are not the other parameters .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether pdffile service is available .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  check   os
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   numbers
truth:  mark   mark

test:  initialize the module .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  split the numbers of the parent element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  constructs the file to a parsed file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the points from the segment .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new options object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock module reading the generated by the covers .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  mock   import
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving order originally by dave kirby .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns tuple of all windows or geonode .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the origin from cpu .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the contents of an executable .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin shows a list of versions of the given site .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from a key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   use
truth:  remove   data

test:  unserializes over each query and returns an relevant query .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for flexible impact tablerheader - also multiplies a common tablerheader use the encodings .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   check
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from writing beginning files .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  login an http password .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  hook   endpoint
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parses selected ip address and returns a list of matching tuples .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  format a list of testsuite queries .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  stops   commands
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image levels .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   host
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   try
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we dont have a folder when they dont have a folder labeled generic their folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns a form field for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan to the host with the vlan specified .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  return   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  the sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   map
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the adjacency tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download filename into application instance .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a reference record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return list of metadata stored in module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  url   list
truth:  assert   assert

test:  produce a string as a censor .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  produce   helper
truth:  s   s

test:  do a person keyword arguments .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  do   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of local databases for the selected interface .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns the json dict of categories for player testing .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  returns   keys
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the series series of the symmetric color n .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   network
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an iterable of flat values that are shared in the same type as well .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  finds   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return inverse of _thread .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a diff between two uplink .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   version
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names and labels .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  summarize rank for the given component .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  summarize   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a capabilities string from a capabilities format .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  reduces the specified repository and its bottom .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  translation_unit : specifier_qualifier_list init_declarator_list semi .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  catch the code from a running server .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  command   pexpect
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  given an instance .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  find   image
truth:  choose   null

test:  callback function based on normalize .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  define   db
truth:  to   decorator

test:  creates an object for the specified elegant to match it .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a "required" volume object .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve list of items from a collection using key key .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  list   object
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  value   value
truth:  return   a

test:  the complete python 2 .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  recursively escapes a list of unicode html characters .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escapes   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup all modules in values .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the number of cpus .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calls a processs handlers with the given location and add blocking .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  to   host
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample sample .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension to be used for the provided unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a linestyle'] linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test reading and writing of 'mrk files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  reading   fiducials
truth:  io   io

test:  modify a new input and adds or used to the corresponding one .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a view function for an object .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a group .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  exact the simple start_page module with a subprocess function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  multivariate   op1
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting user after a user .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   a
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create an versions message for the versions of the message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   sequence
truth:  create   create

test:  construct an index array by arrays along given axis .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or grid .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  sets up a volume group by the final volume group this function to be called as a new volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate determining execute() data for which the interpolation of the interpolation l is "account parameters u : array or the array of which will be passed to expr modules .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k <= n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   size

test:  disable chkconfig service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  require   chkconfig
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  return   data

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  to   register
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  retry execution to be sent by the caller .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  retry   progress
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily connect to a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  to   call
truth:  context   context

test:  set all exception in a period .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  set   up
truth:  run   run

test:  return all subsets matches the given pattern .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  given a color or list of numbers .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  null   check
truth:  makes   a

test:  computes the matrix from the minimum multiplier .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if and only if the request is verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds the test decorator to a command rule .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   elements
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response with json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for text through (a .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  passed   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  _() users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall '--disabled' line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns globals inner lines of a file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  extend   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  extracts the object to a text3d object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  extracts   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the number of y where the iterable has the device offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   offsets

test:  modify the extension names .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  collect   configuration
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a sequence of fixed-width to a string of mime times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  convert   key
truth:  converts   a

test:  rename an llvmir and rename errors .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  null   update
truth:  does   null

test:  request a single request .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  perform a function to async n-sized .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return data to a given block_url .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an array of the specified axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge for the type .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log and receive log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   use
truth:  logs   a

test:  require the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  require   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  a wrapper for a multiline function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  upload the courses videos page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create file using tables .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  restart   ipython
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random service instance from the datastore .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  equivalent to the module .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  a helper for the absolute error regression .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given class method is abstract an abstract that potentially the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  runs   netmiko
truth:  point   point

test:  reduce paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  socket   return
truth:  return   a

test:  callback to validate the correct settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  callback   run
truth:  validates   validates

test:  constructs the authsubtoken response for the given authsubtoken and scopes from a given response or sets .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  a helper function for the slack dataset .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  read python python string .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   use
truth:  takes   null

test:  initialize the random channel as integer .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   test
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  custom utility function for kinds to find items of kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return info for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return text from a given length .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a list of services that have an arbitrary list of services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  sort   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  anybut(s) is an re which matches any character which is a string containing a repetitions string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns quoted and string escaped for use in a python version .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule from the currently logged-in against the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check fallocate fallocate access string .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  validates   sets
truth:  null   disk

test:  compute the list of parameter properties from each filter .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  refresh folders folders index .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive and set files to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes ifname argument list of ifname ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  append tree to book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  append   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  outputs a list of sudo names are considered to *name* .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  outputs   performance
truth:  get   role

test:  enforces a new byte string by applying a new one .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   directories
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  deletes an instance from the supplied private document .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  format   format

test:  create or create a post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs key suitable for working with base parameters .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  check whether target is set to the respect to the current time .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  check   run
truth:  determine   null

test:  create an archive file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test that handling of size and b .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   event

test:  return a trace way to use by instance and/or with indentation .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  return   use
truth:  clean   up

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a list of the hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  takes   checker
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets all networks records for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   work
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the page class for the registry .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file without the resize being used to set the test without throwing .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   image
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from logger as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the firetv sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the given string to a python source space .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  do   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  return a template for the given desktop .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  return   view
truth:  config   config

test:  from proxy .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  socket   check
truth:  create   create

test:  sequence of associated legendre functions of the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the given unit: to unit unit as string .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   accept
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack 32bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  returns the c_name position to the specified data type .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  adds the token to the url for a given url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  adds   token
truth:  appends   appends

test:  landing page of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert keys with a dict to a query dict .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the column name for the specified column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  retrieve a would be used as a django pipeline .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  push   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return path of the datadir of the datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   check
truth:  finds   null

test:  turns an url to a working url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  turns   try
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to delete a conn .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  list   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  open the currently set of reserved configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  run the network bind master .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  run   get
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from aliyun instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of a given distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a acronyms linear move points to an ndarray .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  sends   product
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class by name from a module and import it .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  remove the every order of it would return empty location .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  null   markdown
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  on python 2 .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  return   x

test:  send the new ip .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  set   users
truth:  performs   null

test:  return a list of time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  change the filesystem portion of the given list of column .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  change   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  builds system build file as a local python target with the given target .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array filled to a given array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the boundary in nbunch and edges .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return running https verification version .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test for env with regularization but for variable name .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this test onto a multi-line string .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   listing
truth:  null   null

test:  check if git version is installed on this git .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch from django alignment format .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops from loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for user out .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  sends   handler
truth:  view   view

test:  we need a step definition into a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  reconstruct a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the square root function for the provided monomial .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  julian 1474560 function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  transforms some or evaluation of jinja and delete any of its placeholder names .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  transforms   windows
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  gauss-laguerre shortest markers .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  confirm that a python object has no rule domain objects parameters correspondent : string representation of the object should be passed to a template object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  pairs   config
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  creates an one tarball from the given string .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  convert list of schemas through to an sympy module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the local node .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  return   get
truth:  known   get

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the first node which is a pytree .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   a

test:  run a test suite and only load the test suite .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  run   test
truth:  get   get

test:  returns flavor metadata from extensible identity .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws key service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns email with the given user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert the given string to a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  given   system
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a module object for the given name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise return the shape of a given variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that skips a function signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  arrange the given list of classes into a hierarchy of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  do   units
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a new lease to use when creating an api call .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   get
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute file path .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  write   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system information for cylinder .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   up
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts human readable ip string to hex .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  needs   user
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the list of all the password password been entered .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  remove a file should be a folder .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  view   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return a rsa secure path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  path of theme itself .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  link   link

test:  returns a path to the program containing program files .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  find   find

test:  allow allow header to height template units .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current several :(%) .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the continuous central moment / variance**2 - gain model .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  a fixture that creates a node from the given name .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  split   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of addr objects for the current thread service .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to 0 as a big-endian string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  ignore command line of pids of pid .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  if   null

test:  extracts a range for an html .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets filtered by user .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress s data in the given mode and returns the compressed string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system as a template string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  return the exponential function of a vector .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  produce produce number of allowed entries that are given multiple models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   scan
truth:  works   works

test:  modify a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a libpython generated by the python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a converted zone from specs to a sequenceexample .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  returns true if the request should be displayed against the given whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  determine   hosts
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a template template with a context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  return   null
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the mqtt poly_seq controlled .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the pointer arguments by-reference value .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   formats
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the mysql window .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close any cached tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify model 3 the output 3 into 2 classes using single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  null   null

test:  write a png string into a normal representation .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print an object with the given name and an optional page .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  print   database
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  request a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  if   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  shows the django db editor .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  load   data

test:  mark a running system as a running instance .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  represent   return
truth:  shuts   null

test:  return true if x is a regular expression .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  takes   statement
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in current package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  save the name to store formatted for a filename .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  scale confidence harmonic .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  scaling   function
truth:  null   null

test:  handle positions'widgets of ]profile profile .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  resample the given image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  resizes   scale
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : name equals field_type identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   environment
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a directory and all errors .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert brands to string .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  to   top
truth:  null   convenience

test:  given a list of sample data .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  speed   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write subresultant easy_install operations to stdout and log output .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  print   a

test:  clones a repository .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  clones   crash
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches hexname to english .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  send   size
truth:  converts   a

test:  calls the specified job on the minion .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the gcode flag from the first word in the given split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  return a tuple of data from a bson database using bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be created its code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   directories
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the host for the host containing the given host .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  list   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  runs the given out['stderr']ret['result'] command .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  runs   windows
truth:  test   configuration

test:  dumps a raw word .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  wipe   up
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack some drivers to a filename of content .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  add volume types by name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  produce the amount of idle time string .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  produce   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  use / as a time series of the given rss or function of the "add on/off .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  use   default
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show the user from an ssh character and ensures the value is in .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  stream   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the given zeroize .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of a .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  validates user defined in master .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  targets   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a specific kb on the password .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   install
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  transforms a python int into a list of int representing a string of int representing the further values .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set a cookie in the requesting user as requesting by the access token .
truth: set g . 
test:  initialize   set
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  remove tk .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the total lxc since the l{deferred} in use as a certain uidl .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   memory

test:  symbols in the given prefix if needed .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given security group with the given properties and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   a

test:  returns true iff root directory for the specified location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  check sample message from long str .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  download   prefix
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the list of and filters from a few connection .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  convenience wrapper for pretty 20 .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  in python 2 this generator .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an approximate weighted node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload a token to memory from the given token .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a random column of uniform uniform implementation floatx for the current time .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  null   distribution

test:  creates json object from json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  creates   workaround
truth:  function   function

test:  sets the path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front group of the given image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   stubs
truth:  download   download

test:  go the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  formats value into an object .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating host connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   units
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   repository
truth:  return   a

test:  imports the package of the given package name .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian parameters .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that we dont tokenize expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  transforms arma process in the free step for arma markers .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  transforms   function
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace and its input .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create students and enroll fields .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  create   course
truth:  enroll   a

test:  view the viewing forum forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list with the given path from the file system as a unicode object .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  takes   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps an app engine based on the path value of the commit functions .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update comments in tables for all given parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   decorator
truth:  update   update

test:  return memory usage of the system .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  create a nobs^ channels .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  picks   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  add a query to an email address .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   import
truth:  return   return

test:  install the default package .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  working   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for admin extensions .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit distargs distribution parameters ramseys : distribution of line size fit : int or the distribution of the generated on which to use a single quantiles .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  pick   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this function is called by the one of the module .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  if   check

test:  portable portable .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   style
truth:  set   set

test:  helper to safely decode a string of valid dns .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  to   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  strips html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  default reading reading data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  ogrenvelopes should not enable .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  allows   new
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle service mfa it will catch github url .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  this fixture does the total elements of choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  preprocess   randomly
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get all available sqs keys from the sqs library .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user as a serialized account .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  this one or more entities from qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform the input function by a regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write the string to the filename containing "hello" .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a dict .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  create   null
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   noop
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend reports requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery build plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to build a package for the package .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with a model_fn object .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpu in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default number used on the default values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes an arbitrary string and quote a quote name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  walks a single iterable object .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  format   numpy
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  format   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  given a string of words which match the signal and returns a list of ~astropy .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  query   replace
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  this function validates an existing validator and checks if it is of .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  function   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test notification report .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send a version of the type for an mark .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  send   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  call resource with stdin .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  sends   statement
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return a class type .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details of a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   details
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an parts[u'auth'] url to a url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first character in the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  array   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  ensure that a plotly graph is of plotly .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  wraps   entry
truth:  validate   a

test:  scales inialization transform -> single and b differs the output of the given shape .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  converts the tuple padded to python points at a tuple .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert a list of year into a database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   alternate
truth:  seek   null

test:  replace html characters that may be passed in a string to a string .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  calls   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  recursively send an available metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  extracts   data
truth:  return   data

test:  purge the specified organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  gets a user from users that matches the given users .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   verifies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  create an object for the given object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a repository class .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  called   null

test:  a prefix-based polynomial of points by a given array .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a hash label and a given app label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  return a list of all existing stub for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new profile cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for a given response object specified .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a pennies to pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  null   price

test:  show a list of matplotlib lengths .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bit composite integer dedent given a number of integer .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  are   null

test:  evaluate func with digits .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  func   errors
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service command section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  subtract   request
truth:  null   service

test:  turn a list of tuples into a list of lowercase .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  turn   convert
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a 1-hot encoding into a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  error   a
truth:  default   default

test:  process -> commandline .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   locale
truth:  command   command

test:  run an action on a given table .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  return selection of the magic regions .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  finds   null

test:  html function used to support html while calling warnings .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc object .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract tags from a files file at tags from the given therefrom name .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   message

test:  compute wmf scale with mock scale .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  time   function
truth:  makes   null

test:  plot the scaling for this figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  plot   update
truth:  create   create

test:  add an authentication image with results .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   get
truth:  null   null

test:  the benchmark function .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the user preference with the specified preference .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get current database connection pool for this ec2 instance .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return whether or not a file is a numeric same .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate messages dont log too proxy .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create an 'kw model instance .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules without from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  to   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles for user roles cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  attribute   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a code indicating locale setting are the current request .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  code   messages
truth:  if   null

test:  test that when both equivalence and a corrmat matrix are both .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the so' file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   accepts
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy for the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the port and write its port .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  raises a link to the decorated methods of a class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a sympy predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  get data from github url .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   list
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the password using the configured password and credentials .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   passwords
truth:  format   format

test:  return a list of cpu elements of user pixel .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   null

test:  list single list name .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   multiple

test:  retrieve information about the specified group cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   interface
truth:  get   get

test:  is the most common prefix of size .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get/create a new user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  add   add

test:  build the argument from the proxied .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after the user .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  show the config files from the database cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  add a task to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode representation given value .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  this is a lambda function that creates a new g(x)**i function representing a list of nodes in a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  if one of the leading is installed .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  source   return
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal up to desired precision .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   asserts
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  split the email password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  kind of event .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the absolute value for a file path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain of the given parent and/or vector .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  to   node
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the availability entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  load and decode the given yaml arguments .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  load   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given the channel .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  given   return
truth:  used   function

test:  test filter locations .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create rpc instance for given image name .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the list of strings .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where reconstruction is properly handled .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  set up a status in the console and wait for a given file-like object .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  reports   integer
truth:  print   a

test:  compute autocovariance transform .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  generate a string with random number .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  copies the parameters set by performing the given parameter .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  copies   method
truth:  null   null

test:  find the given process instance is created at a given pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  find   unit
truth:  provides   null

test:  change translation for translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  allows   translation
truth:  adds   new

test:  determine the full word name to make it usable as a single space .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such that given in ascii and no results are the unicode bytes
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the argument from the given application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  function   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  expand an event to a rational transformation in the passed expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  p   return
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the owner under a given continue .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   check
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case with upload counting .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   null
truth:  model   a

test:  update value in dictionary in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  value   get
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default image label for a given mappers .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove all playlists and myminion playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  ability to setup redis pool .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  turn a list of lists into a list of arguments .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return field matching a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  listen a batch action for use .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  generate   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns a tuple of .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   undo
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns given persymbol of multiple threads .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  if   ids
truth:  split   split

test:  create a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  create   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  test with and fields .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   reader
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a regular expression flags by the python string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  perform   try
truth:  to   try

test:  display a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  display   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a directed graph of b and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  test function to make sure that the data passed to the right big images .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  function   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  a simple tasks to handle debug request .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if params is using params .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  'ip outlines into individual priority .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a key from a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  checks   standard
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download control users from json array .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  download   json
truth:  request   permission

test:  check that a list of invalid tool looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   vpc

test:  attempt to load the config file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function to generate a raw header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  render   shortcut
truth:  null   frame

test:  this utility function takes a list of all results from this list of strings args: kwargs: : an integer number of results to fix returns: a string representing the output
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  email   list
truth:  list   list

test:  version of cassandra in a cassandra cluster for all keyspaces or just the provided cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  return   show
truth:  show   show

test:  parse all all all necessary element with text documentation in the given document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  create   cast
truth:  find   find

test:  install a package via python .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  install   packages
truth:  null   null

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a new index dictionary from a list of index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  null   option
truth:  index   index

test:  validates an ipv4 address to a given ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  sort a cron pull-raw to match the specified user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the fake api calls .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  assume   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the given hash is an flask cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the given group directory .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  parse   data

test:  return the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  check a string in color for a ldap .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  check   images
truth:  return   a

test:  create an [{'source' list of [{'source' .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  create a specific configuration record .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  return   value
truth:  enable   enable

test:  sets up the current project for the given object .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  sets   show
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  write log string to a given file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  convert the given header name into an vary .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  always prints the prefix .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  function   href
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait for a remote client to reach the given filename to finish .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  gets image by image name .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test aws document this function .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of files under the given root directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read from a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  sometimes we have a url into two urls .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   app
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  save the file to the database will preserve the filename case case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  save   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  a valid python object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the x01 clip from a pair of points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  return   scaling
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) or cosine-type used as a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) dx = a int_0^oo or cosine-type + p_i if a .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the string degrees as a float .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the attribute of the graph g .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a bool if a given object has a multistring multistring .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  simple wrapper around junipers function .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with pygal and the type 14 .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  text   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  scan the given imsg bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  scan   function
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the norm of the vectors in the three boolean .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  regression test for issue unsafe .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  lettuce   test
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of diff information about the git checkout .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read a file rate limiting .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   samples
truth:  read   data

test:  prepare all against all against one letter codes to another .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  resolve a string to return certain history for a given history .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple view that allows a list of results .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  start   run
truth:  run   security

test:  convert datetime object to datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets the default finalizers as current .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  translate a string or string into a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  has   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this will start the coupon dashboard key and assign the proper into the course dashboard page .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  endpoint   json
truth:  creates   a

test:  validates that value is true if value contains only one signed .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validates   arguments
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a registered handlersubclassescanberegistered' class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  remove all containers that belong to the specified container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  remove   redirects
truth:  ensure   null

test:  insert a pair into something that has the start of a pandas filesystem .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  insert   dictionary
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns true if path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  splits a sqlite query result dictionary .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  function   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return swap blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the user input .
truth: get slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate and push a course for a course containing a generated task and push the html generated task to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  upload   student
truth:  null   a

test:  do the series of the specified transport .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  create   versions
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts inputs from ipython ids of the given sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  extracts   token
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the slice date string .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  read   attribute
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry for a specific computenode .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  like   like

test:  parses the absolute value of matplotlib vmin and sets values .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  download a file from a file system and return the contents of data with cmd .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  download   task
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find out what type does not start on service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  check top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   set
truth:  separate   null

test:  wrap an email with a deferred and returns the result .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  see   null

test:  code for failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  this function constructs a private key to a file .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a compute node sqlalchemy node .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  erf/erfc should correctly create random test with stabilization we want to skip this one of the samples at a time .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  null   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create the absolute path to the sublime view .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an unix timestamp to datetime object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  convert the given header name into a list of vary body .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  return all the first item in self .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   a

test:  random pieces of integer note: the standard == 1 .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  we dont natively the execution server .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns current options object .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if there are installed and return false if that the resulting module is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts none to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  delete   generate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  determines which file is a file .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all member keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which provides requests to be used under online .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  force   path
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the names that are allowed in the first dictionary .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the system result should be checked out .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  generates the wheel cache for a path .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  svn   documentation
truth:  return   a

test:  a **celestial** is always calling this class and fetches a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return all tasks for the specified task statuses cli example: .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  open a file object and writes them to the given object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  open   read
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  translates an checks for a given url .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate node_id from a raw packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  content   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  get the grain .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the parameter interface is of the passed in kimplements .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  define   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a link for a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the available items .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  print   -
truth:  testing   testing

test:  update the given asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  setup the global ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http server would normally <url .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  directly return the file server modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get information on all the package and their associated configuration cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  if models group is always being updated .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   content
truth:  if   null

test:  instantiates the given dtype and returns it .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  array   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  load and return given frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  load   return
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long legged doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test cluster validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   default
truth:  test   test

test:  process a list of imp to change imp .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  process   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a set of tuples in the given start .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   store
truth:  output   output

test:  plists the program to have been stripped key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   null
truth:  have   null

test:  implement signals .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign an hmac-sha1 filter .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   interface
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict of item ids .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  call a function with a arguments .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  call   debug
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper function to grab terms of all control in continueterms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns file object containing the profile profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the user and ensure that the account is not supported in use .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check map of integer cases .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator to wrap the request if not already logged in the request .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return path to module if path is in module .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  internal parsing function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  runs   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  display the field name matches a long and then a string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  null   function
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set up the or specified services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  value   value

test:  raises the field text is too long and a string or a string which is not too long to the supplied string or a subclass thereof thereof thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   string
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for missing tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  clear a metadata object from sqlite .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  dispatch   entry
truth:  set   metadata

test:  new and handle the moment matrix t and w[ .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   correct
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a relative path from a matrix .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  create new harder to create a file .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  null   list
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for the given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out data from a list .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compute the per-account rate for the given rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   image

test:  sum of array y: a gradient .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  sum   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split start and set up that side of the split debugger .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  displays the currently active widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels and 2 integers .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a dictionary of quota device names .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  return   find
truth:  list   quotas

test:  return the des field of the provided plaintext .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  return   task
truth:  -   -

test:  run the given iterator on a projected .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  check   google

test:  return a formatted table for lists of nested lists .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  unicode   send
truth:  if   null

test:  a plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  display status for this minion cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find endog = array[length class .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  resizes   arrays
truth:  null   regression

test:  for all the kills files in source_groups .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  null   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  set assignment for course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  set   method
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for summary details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  calculate the estimated precision of the current 1d array y .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object from a given rpc .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  get   get

test:  append the media state of all its files from the python object .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  append   a
truth:  store   store

test:  convert an cnt file to a file-like subject .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  copies   source
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a package with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  split a string into a list of those that are found in the string .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security groups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of all the node with at least one point number of days as pending command line .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  displays message and displays the message .
truth: output a string . 
test:  displays   msg
truth:  output   a

test:  create a redirect .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback name by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  a equality .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  resolves a attributes by name and resized to the given namespace name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolves   attributes
truth:  resolve   a

test:  detect if file exists in path is in the idcount .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  if   download
truth:  creates   a

test:  no precomputed .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install specified user; message describing the container .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  specified   return
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  callback for sqlite matching the given graph .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  generates   up
truth:  get   a

test:  warn or crash for provided configurationerror .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the first options body .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the directory of the autotest_remote used to enable logging .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add risch by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  add   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  the system time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the native sets the native usedlistobj into a python object .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a user home directory .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the base directory where data is present .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   interfaces
truth:  bind   bind

test:  creates a new application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a new login in the database .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the string from the links .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a gcode linear move repository .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   start
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the current .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract selected tweets from a file of tweets .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  retrieve   validation
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   resource
truth:  allocated   update

test:  retrieve one or more keys from a datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  retrieve   create
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint to facilitate with order in cluster codes .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  null   function
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a sorted list of timeseries instances matching a given date and returns a sorted iterator of tuples .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  set the standard deviation based on the dirty flag .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  color   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  tests that the allocation matrix can be loaded correctly .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply two consecutive components with .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve full absolute path to a file path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  find   find

test:  test that twitter link function works as being filtered by a valid twitter link .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for play handlers to make sure the user has not yet .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  precompute the distance distances in x and arithmetic .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  labels   labels

test:  check that dict is required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  check   copies
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an image volume from the database .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  content   query
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the size of a function to make a function across the edx function .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a single-precision integer for a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop a cluster via its path to the minion .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns local local local path from branding .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  delete   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a tuple to decimal elements .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  generator that yields a list of data array .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  uses localization .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  import and return the string given an object .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation for a block number of resources .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage that were deleted usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register registry and register it with the new cache .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  caching   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the frequency power of a digital filter transform parameters x : array-like returns uniques ndarray the sinusoidal corresponds to the series of array of a digital or teletext .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   password
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return proper internet parameter .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  string in the atomic function .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  simulates   proxy
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  scheduled scheduled the user identified by cybersource .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  null   dispatch
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes dissimilarities or site_name file of put table given sample sizes .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state state state and return a tuple of tuples with tuples and the schemes drivers .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the average score is properly available .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate gradient squared the ridge squared error from each stochastic .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a directory path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove host and port from the wsgi server .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  host   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  find the unix isfileif file for a windows image file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculate the discrete and 5 components of a general .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  calculate   computation
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  install an credentials and get all its files .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  dont converts the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a value is true .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   checkbox
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a half .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   round
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value into an integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set new video video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  load cache projects and user projects .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   environment
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given patterns matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to amazon lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  try to convert a preferred encoding back into a python string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  to   try
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generate a single example method for the given course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  the entry point should contain commands at scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  searching   check
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  append a key to emulate all the text to emulate a tuple of tuples .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get an base path based on its component .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  verbose   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns helpful version string from release .
truth: format sys . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a multi-dimensional array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   group
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  makes a short .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   case
truth:  wrap   a

test:  compute the sum-squared function x and y .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   null

test:  displays version number to use for freebsd packages and return a boolean value .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set path for the parent system cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  create   owner
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the value of the user with given value .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total userstory points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  deletes a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  define   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  set the list of services .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cyclic gradient of the first kind and a triple of the args .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return the energy of the active along the given axis .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do the multiprocessing module output from the beginning .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  do   checks
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for tls change .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a search dict and return a string that marks search related to search for api section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if *obj* is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize a list of devicezones .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  to   device
truth:  null   device

test:  user string of all users in memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  has   new
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create rpc object for use with the tag api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to decide which script has a script value .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the regularized coefficient of the first cost tensors .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   autocovariance
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of the specified pid cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sound which is currently used for a given credit .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  borrowed from reinit .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  borrowed   use
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  is this a django-storage-swift signal .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   language
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the path of the backup directory that matches the given by the dependency .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  return   check
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create and initialize a new subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  return   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  cancel a l{deferred} if it will be delayed within the current context .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  cancel   shorthand
truth:  adds   a

test:  change json schema from a list of dictionaries .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  train   data
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if the worker has a valid worker or is the range specified .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  retrieves   docstring
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network nodes associated with a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return an http header for the primary characters from a dict .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attached decorator to the use in libraries .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the unix frequency path of the maximum of a to the base of the continuous along an axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a ccx response and gets selected responses about the responses of responses to this ccx .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  fix -> string return a string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  set css css criteria into css modules .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  template   uppercase
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a number of k to a area of free area .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  defines   null

test:  true if the object is a class type .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add missing color to a specific set of color objects .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  block   like
truth:  produces   a

test:  create backend .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute the grade value of the given surface .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check if we know about this field from certain that we can stop the given module .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restart an error message and restart errors .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  callback   restart
truth:  saves   null

test:  return arp_cache information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the latest services for a service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the best match between x and the 1 .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of valid struct alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a key/val class .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text into text and edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  return a valid country calling code for the specified national .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a string that temporarily import multiple tests .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a function as complete .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  updates all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct set location and store it to cache datasets .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   wmt

test:  error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  form   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the gui value of a file descriptor .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  change   callable
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the edges in the graph g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  return a number of locale formatted according to current locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of sympy parts into args .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   expr
truth:  split   split

test:  create new [-180 random variables using the specified fixed-width .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push directory to the pydata that everything should push this is running on the pydata non-printable .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  this function is a task that tests can be used as a very environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dump   null

test:  the the vertices of the quadratic complement -1 .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   float
truth:  null   part

test:  generate {% lun lun dict for a system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  generate   exists
truth:  builds   null

test:  create and return a temporary directory of the given archive directory .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  internal helper function will return the contents of total percentage with this web type for total .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  queries   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  use a paginated encoding objects .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  build   a

test:  add a new symmetric matrix .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   metadata
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if path is a mock in the given pattern .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  start and return the given number of seconds within the given none .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  start   null
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the axes in the current axes and 2 the user in the next axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if skip_condition is missing parameters passed in test case when the test case is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets the encryption hash of the encryption hash and the encryption hash .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches migrations .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate random string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that the given exception is set in a given context .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  retry retry and others are recognized .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  remove all tests in the directory using prefix or dotted name .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute given a module and a handle to the given attribute name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu src to gpu a general image .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  identify   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume driver implementations .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decodes the constant to constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  main program uses the llvm simple logging .
truth: main program . 
test:  dataset   point
truth:  null   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non chain input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return the shortest neighbors of the graph g for the nodes in g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the install metadata for a linked package in a prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that an vat number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   like
truth:  return   return

test:  return the filename to use for this directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test scaling of scaling dom policy .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   url

test:  returns the argument to the given object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  back notation such a rational or where :math:c_kn = array[length + .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   square
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if given can successfully have a square finite square and/or a given ip address .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize a string argument passed in a dynamodb type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  take   a

test:  parse line of a text .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  parse   title
truth:  split   a

test:  extracts an expression to a sympy expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a new directory .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   check
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization for the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if cmd is terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  =   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of all the drawing service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single sysctl file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  print   current
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the provider from the provided token string of a python object note: this is an ssh format .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove any given logging .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  replace   replace

test:  pack the given file at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  pack   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the firetv .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a tree .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate the validate allvaluesofamulti-valuedfieldmustbenumbers .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   value
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  leading   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the stored time as a stored in seconds .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package atom is already set .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  if   null

test:  finds out the id in board id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   string
truth:  finds   a

test:  determines the version number of the latest request using the strip link or none if request is invalid .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  determines   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  a getattr() for internalerror types .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  creates an application object to attach .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  converts   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the class of the specified package .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function c{f} in a thread from the args and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  calls   call
truth:  run   a

test:  returns stats of project as a string .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  default   pass
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper that transparently handles bom encoding .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts any environment variables to the environment string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   dictionary
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable sure the lvs name is installed from the firewall .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  in python 2 this is an empty string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  add global state to a task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this will enable the current session to arg .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether line is being passed to the logs not correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  reset reset queue errors via underlying pip .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  turns   find
truth:  code   code

test:  tell the volume id for a volume type .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  given an element in an array .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  looks   arrays
truth:  check   check

test:  private method solr needs to be installed to use this .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  extracts html from the given game .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr - uses the group_membership table from pr - uses the group_membership table for people by the group_membership table and uses the
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that it gets turned into method returns none .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  test the given property argument to a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  is   return
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the given xblock has been removed on the given xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator that iterates through a list of file names and names from the given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  return   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  change makefile object in current user friendly .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  code   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return inode info about this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create data and execute a best format and execute the best .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  return messages from page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the v2 .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  used for end of a single value in the data .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   method

test:  send -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  sends   signal
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a dictionary of dict[sam[ into a dictionary .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  do not display a string .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  do   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this should be used to override multiple usage in the case of an option .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  test   check
truth:  obtain   a

test:  list steps in bytestrings .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if the field has in the field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register classes into the given type by stripping .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if *obj* is a sequence .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  converts ipv6 address into its around skewed .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new session method with an unlock method .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a string made up of random characters from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  run basic axis information .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  restarts   implementation
truth:  slice   slice

test:  redirect an url to a tuple that can be used by requesting the user .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop openstack service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a helper function that returns a tuple of response size and end of a given start .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a list of tags from tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  run a command on a operation .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  null   interface

test:  return domain url for the current url .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return a mapping file url to unicode string .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all files found within this module .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the current process should be run this only install if the email address has more than one .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  null   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  wrapper to find out what execution have the same set .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  to   rotate
truth:  execute   a

test:  gets source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return the rawfile_json options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  resets the current table before the xpath table .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  order   list
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function for a channel 'range' coordinates .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  function   docstring
truth:  get   row

test:  calculate the 'interp' of an array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate arrs as a string .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  link link from index .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  link   results
truth:  get   get

test:  convert relative source file .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  accepts   wrapper
truth:  function   function

