test:  reorder a suite into one of the limit of the given suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  update probes probes in the probes dictionary .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds the logged in the theme to the given theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a filesystem root in the form .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns the path for the file that contains the specified file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  removes a vhost policy from the user via rabbitmqctl list_vhosts the nginx vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a commented file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot image .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  finds vcs in vcs to the vcs dict given in vcs order .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config from the celery config directory .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to generate extra logic .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function that detects the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install this package as the default twisted p .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the largest saturation for nodes in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current process uid and group uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  because this module has an wsdl ~ and wsdl name .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  inner covariance matrix for white on simple variables parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar or array_like .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the indices of the indices of the left tree in the left .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  backs from remote database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  updates the given line with place in the mounted line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a list of keyword arguments .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  return a url suitable for the specified threshold .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  recursively replace the http error handler .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  slices the slices of a slices in seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  input from a single subset of a given subset split .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  given an ordering of the connection .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the number of polygon for the given object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiply two elements .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a regular expression or list of patterns to one .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  this script uses the script to add a host using the argparse library .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot slot page .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets the number of permutations in a set of bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns the helper method which returns the value of the module if found .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get config value from a requests request - request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a command for working with the given type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  batch this is a helper function that joins the network .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list servers volume(s) .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  import a python file and return a list of submodules .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return an md5 file from a specified file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function computes the "where" system of a character equation with the linear system .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  authorizes a user based on the users username and stores it in the users uid m .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  returns the nth ) between the vectors .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for volume up .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a lambda function which makes the predicate on a list of quaternions .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that we can escape some tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns an array of consecutive values of the input data .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  checks that v1 filenames are not in d2 .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cached value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  given a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  this function is called by the fs .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  helper to load a single name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class name of a namespace or a namespace string .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system at_time the wait delay : none any partitioning to shutdown the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  given a list of elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for the elements of a nucleotide .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  iterates over the absolute path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a helper for handler that wraps errors and raising an exception .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download the signal from the entire file .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global store object for this module .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a list of python packages as python .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  the text before launching an element is the device class .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail the test if those module is not none .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a set object structure .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating dominating set of the graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the ordinal sizes of a binary image .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method returns an instance of an acceptable url for the course that respond with an acceptable url .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on a node cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  rewrite the player directories that need to be instantiated .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  helper for connection objects .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  calculates an element from a sequence of pattern .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a com object by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the maximum matrix of the fragments of the given list of vector3s .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add a confirms and a list of hadoop to the module .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates and returns a form .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a file path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  clear a resource_view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if port is validipport .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  compute shortest path lengths using the duplication-divergence algorithm .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  adapt the source file to a set of objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs wards operation on the elemwise op .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return service information for a user cli examples: .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  adds a background jobs on the local node .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  gets the current osmc or a string .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  create legend for leg .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the standard time to make it usable in the os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle object from file to disk .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update an namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  remove a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  center index based on index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the current last database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  deprecate the first common prefix of the hypot front into a list of dictionaries with last u_2 .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  display an error message for the given error .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  ensures that the file doesnt exist on the given executable .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates and returns a group title in a group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a dictionary for the data .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate all dependencies of the contexts plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check that the collection ids in this collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the output is snippets than the last quotes within single quotes within verbosity quotes and that the last element .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  gets task info for a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  this format a timestamp to a timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports of nodes in the graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack the given stream to a stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a server for a given route .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences of how to compute the managers .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  sanity checks installed packages jail the sanity remote packages cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return a generator that can be used as though by the api .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync queue modules from salt://_queues to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap custom traceback traceback with traceback formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a reasonable object for the given object id .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters x : object factory to be checked against returns validator - a function which is of a type to use the type that are internal klasses a type to
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate the beginning of receivers .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of strings to ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales of current instance .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  extends the list of files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  the decorator that converts a function to the end of the wrapped function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get an esxi network config .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live execute a screenshot screenshot in the build process .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  custom view to pickle an xml feed .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  helper function to get value from strings .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  searches a python list for a list of python names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes responding and raw functions .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns the time of the ca items in a sequence of expressions .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns true if the given arithmetic operator is a list of arithmetic arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  serializes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show to the show info in the show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for the existence of the function for quota quota .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  generates the javascript urls that contains the given urls .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  function for sending broken to a fake email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  list all templates for the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  returns the variable to use when the theano variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  if a feature colorless is blank .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  return the text value of the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated string for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate admission plugin from admission .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test loading and logging function using a vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or random element in the test *individual* .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns the groebner basis for a given groebner basis .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert real vector into a list of tuples .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a dict describing the lines that contains the file in the given header .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if a given user is a json/ajax type .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test status of a widget .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method is called to define a calendar object for each calendar in a hashable .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  stub web for the application .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  remove the given pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the current api_version of the given process .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the crc64 score of the document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  sets the given query to a list of parameters .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each colnames of the first element in each array .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  helper function to return a list of tags to text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove files and unnecessary functions .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a binary array into an integer and the pipeline .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  return a template from a template .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  callback for creating a callback that writes an option to a given parser .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes the given value to the given continuous type .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the view for the tracebacks average .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get id_64 of an object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the % at a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get the featured featured rotation page .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects view .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  print additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  check for a value .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a class name to a function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode the path as a unicode string .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validate that response since a incoming response has been updated as a http response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a list of all unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  lookup a collection of lists - the value is a character or a dictionary of the argument character - store the returned expression - the argument passed to the argument
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function applies pre-processors to each row of the given frame .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the input image of color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dataset using data for a project .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact object names and sets the singleton in the singleton list .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given directory from a file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the project with history .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random value generated by default value .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  walk a package name from the package and collect any files in the given package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the value from the provider concerning the provider or itself .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a compute unique statistics for a given model .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  print a movie file to the movie in the movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper for marking the given keys for each entry for the given dictionary .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for the database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists on the ms sql server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the :class:oauth2provider for a particular event .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  adds one element to a sequence containing pairs of items .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  check that the tpot permissions and node permissions are valid .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks logged-out access to the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are matching .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parse and return a datetime object according to the rules in rfc given u't' .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  compute shortest path of a directed .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  steps can be undefined as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert bson collection options to hashed collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the autocorrelation of data .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  itemstatus view for dev event page .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host object to hex components of address .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to redirect to a command and return a single error .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  used to mark a single test as registered for registered protection .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  show the current binary with the given versions of binary .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configure the config file to use .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the spherical vector3 .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  path to a package name .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  check if file is not a contract instance and for delete head .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass information for the system that owns the file system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  iterates through the input file and handle any errors in the pb2 line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads the list content for the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the ascii key to derive .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats an otu map file into a sparse and each of the otu map .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  automatic os installation and saves an editable os into the dictionary .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a list of thumbnails for the thumbnails .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if data is a number .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed source : the capability to install source : the capability the root directory of the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  return base name for the provider name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh force a given package .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a package as the reactor reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  helper method for getting the old location from the modulestore .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the referring url is in the casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage in a given path as a namedtuple .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  provider configuration for the keys modified by command line .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to the sequence of the elements that are "findable" but for the sequence .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module in the given number of keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing the fakewebtab registry for the duration of a test registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find all objs in the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test when all gradients have negative gpu .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a check that the layer can be committed about the local .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  checks to see if the file exists .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign the value of a variable .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds a value over state and merge them into a elements of the size .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the necessary bytes of a variable .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  check if all the files in concatcsv .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  convenience fixture to add a context for the context of the context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  return the annotation passed in the given argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper to get a dataset in a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if the given url is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists to the given list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test of bootstrapping from epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <user> -- returns the regex -- the first date of the feed database date .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  perform efficient product of an array .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  wait until a session fields are stored .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  normalize the absolute version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  creates a new identity for the tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the number of intra-community of all node pairs in ebunch using allocation .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to call timer object .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  statistics statistics for extract_array statistics .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two sequences of validates configurations .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  helper function to calculate the system state .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  validate the provided parameters .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  convert a query string to a csv file and return a standard csv .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  a helper function for the display title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample string for an bt node .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  displays compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the class for a soap enveloped list .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  attempt to get the image information for a given instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  generates the appropriate settings for the specified settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the constants of the selected cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the mutiple dpi after the azure .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return node configured to a node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a public stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  home handler .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  this is a silly small function which can be used as an api key .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that a data is unique for the given axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that are forwarded to other cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  return an http request .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a resource to be successfull .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the cli width of the tokens on the given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return a boolean indicating if the cpu is flags and correct version .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes the average loss for inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  raises importerror if the dockerng execution module is not installed .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if this module is loaded as an instance of a parent .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  coerce value to a value of a resource .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add indexed indexed z .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create a custom element element for the xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  add a rule to the postgres server for the rule it is normalized .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the byte string for the supplied topic .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if the given stream is a byte string .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  transforms the current exception to the cinder wrt the iterator returning the received intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an object using the keys in a dict where the object for the given object uses it .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  this view is used to restrict the django view in the cup argument .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  gets all provider settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash on a suffix_dir in a hashes hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata from a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract input along the input stream from a sequence of numbers .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates and stores a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the one sample loss from the admin area .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  exists in the configuration value .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper decorator for raising a function which will nonstar extra arguments .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  determines whether a table is a country configuration .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token into an existing token .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return the list of file names in segment_info .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a epsv request .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a text block out the right content from a text .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an all values based on the given rdfvalue .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description for a given image of the path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a canonical form of the canonical keys that can be used to serialize the given lists of artifacts .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a sum of arguments into t .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure symbols can produce symbols .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  create a figure axes with a 4 axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a value from a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return framework if filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  modify autojump .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the configuration observer in the given observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all supplied targets in the targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single action on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  return the number of projects a list of projects seen .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a sum of fit .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses in the provided address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns a set of old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for later use in a template .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a complete requests .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks the existence of rediss gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  download a table from the database .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  test the attribute for *is models for default public underscore .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  generate user id from its id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the value of a process with a given name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication for api request to custom auth .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sympy product of a tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker-compose directory from docker-py .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  converts a line arguments into a dict .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the given release has a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  use this decorator to convert the native jobs into the galaxy shape .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create a new folder inside the vm .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  helper function for p-value markers .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  helper to get a validator type for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source utility function can be inside a inside another space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  multi-dimensional data into a list of lists ordered by ranges .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr rules for the resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  assert that a dict is returned when creating a dict .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns the number of norm norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  generate the input path based on each sequence of words .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  helper function to get or create volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event as an event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within this company cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute link object for the plot-schema .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  parse the alignment of a file handle lines from fh .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a program with an optional timeout .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  remove a part of a string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception from its type .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux command exists .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  this function computes the sample b-spline for combining a sample .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the twisted reactor to be run inside the registery reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  return an ordereddict of the elements which can be displayed for a node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  helper for the class name .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read a pickle file using encoding .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for "config" .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  rest controller - used for searching for base on surfaces .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  removes whitespace between html tags from a text string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  returns the normalized version of the jacobi symbol .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the installed packages .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification event on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model audit as expected .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  this function is a helper function to run di the bit defined in transliterate .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a boolean value for a given dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this function adds additional parameters to the value of the database .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test that the test index for index in the n-dimensional index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  shows the current global login cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if a device already exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit an ip address .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  difference a cidr object by calling artifact from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to the rules of the instance label .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service configuration for the specified api .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a list of tuples containing just decorators for the given decorators .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all group types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  converts a square operator to a diagonal operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save data to the fif dictionary .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all tags for the given image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a de = its derivatives .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  return the type of failure of module that are made by the user .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  query the remote server to app engine .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the input data so that x and copytobuffer are represented .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded filename using the mode given a filename .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns a tuple of the form used to render the underlying .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from a string .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a server for creating ssl adapter for a user .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get current registered locales for windows .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs all available plugins and return a dict with all loaded plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns a native path expansion .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns the xblock metadata of the discussion category assigned to the course id of the discussion category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a unique alton command and resource_id key for the given template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a dictionary mapping prefix to all objects of the given object as a list of objects .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic message form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this with an object to print a child lines .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read data as raw for the file .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a title variable .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return a list of all scripting flags for those includes those on the system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency config file to use .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  check if the status is configured on the service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close multiple event for matplotlib events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  fetches the list of unique layout subscribed to the client .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the inherited aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the docinfo created by default .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  decrypts the not-in-place difference of all the source files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  output of all elements over the specified flask .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a system email for a password change .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a equivalence definitions of yaml .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters for a tpot object has the correct parameters .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  given an http header .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns the suffix of a character .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  decorator to update task objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a single descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  do not change status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the cumulative distribution of the range .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  returns true if x**n == selfridge parameters .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the current desktop is running in the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  creates a url and validate it .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look through the buckets cache file and return a list of active modules on the minion cli example: .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the free-form for the given url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  finder a finder once using the urllib .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get ids or the string "all" if the user has user .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the new .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if the given handler has an exploration handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of features to previous features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db needs to be shutdown and that the on-disk file for the store_fs file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  fixes validation code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a configuration file from a cache .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given contents is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  run a scheduled process .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates the provided ssh key for the specified request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a list of tuples to all visible case .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  helper function to return if the user can follows the follows one .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract mac devices from name .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an contents of a test from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to implement a function .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the indefinite integral for continued settings-defined .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is enabled .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  merges all case of case slashes .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the ostypes for the given ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if the condition is a readable string .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get or add a loop without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this decorator supports the first argument of the best best .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if the server is symlink .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry emitted by database .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  returns the current false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the lt .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag value for the supplied argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach http response attributes to namespace .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  test the gzip file with data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return from proxmox .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the time representation of a sound stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a list of buckets data .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  a category structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge the data from a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for the given app .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  all available regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the value from the tree nodes .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  read a file in a list of tuples this file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable return true if the makeopts variable is valid .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the binary root of mean-squre-error of two independent .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert the output of a call to constant terms .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a filename from plotly .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager for setting the logging in a signal handler .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell cell reference string to an excel cell reference string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the source .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential using old estimate .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test app running .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the first field in a query .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return a copy of the data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  takes a number formatted string and returns the number of formatting formatting for the given carrier to .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert string to array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  which staff is the value of the site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  executes a classical two individuals for debugging .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the letter code is returned in the summary given an hexadmecimal code .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  calculate the series in the v1 architecture .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a function that indicates if the ipython shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot slot page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handle a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add color of the given image to an rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  encrypts the signature of a http request .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for the specified account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user can view the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the number of individual to render a year for a specific year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the update when geometry is cleared .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and passes the target api call for the given target call to the response .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string into a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  t t by polynomial t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  helper to create a union of type file_sig .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the first two lines .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates a new example for the filters .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file into a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object to handle given user/group .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return the circular mean along the given axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  helper function to get a series of source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap the number of *val* to a year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a value to a string .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the owning group of a process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  controller to grant grant and insert a new connection or the uri .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if the current datetime is a renewal datetime .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets the mnist dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a graph the graph the one of the graph l and preserves the graph l of the graph l .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  the main function .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  generates the number of nth n of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return a quoted version of the s .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test reactive rectpolygon attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read the contents of a file in a filename format .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  normalize the dotted fields in a list of fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a list of tuples in the sensible dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off interactive python source file into interactive daemontools .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  format an ipv4 address in internal representation into t form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test that the database: function is called .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper to scale a subjects subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of chain that results from chain .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the ground bearing equivalent of the shape_to .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleanup up remove an elasticsearch database .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for a list of distributions .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot the domain from the minion cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse the code from a filename .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  splits string into smaller number of data .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user prompt for the given question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  convert square-free decomposition of a square-free polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a new random integer .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return information on a perl device cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  saves a pem string into a pem object .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets the string contained in the form of the current environment .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a shell command and return the output of it .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  fail the number of mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  returns a suffix to the available suffix of a given test .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  return a url string which the given url to a protocol .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item to the console .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  return current time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if the module has the given module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a polynomial f modulo a pair of lcm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert the list of codons codons to 1 string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of representation formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert new pipeline into the beginning of the data for the given pipeline parameters .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the kind of a node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten an iterator of line numbers .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper function that returns a location to send a location to the location of the parameter passed .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with setup for installing specified packages .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import a class by the given module path and return the resulting namespace .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  determine if the current block displayed by the given block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return the default nothing instance .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket for the current server cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  hides a single recaptcha connection to the response data .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  helper function for setting and returns an object .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns all notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  enable cuda synchronize for the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  computes a (#) .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input input and port data for the given input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set up background header for a feature .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is an threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch an icon for a given public extension .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group that when a stream of map is in device_type .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove all courses to course_key .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  gets the template string for the given object with a template tag .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  create a new task to enable enable as necessary in test or remove .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse the location of a host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate from amazon to the certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  append the text at the x .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns the path to the site-packages of a folder in csv format .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  return the internet host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the submissions submission .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it only the specified current server with a negative value .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip the condition if the condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove mortem quadratic tagvalue from the given relationship .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  test if entries inserted into the meta data .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method to write contents to file contents .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save it to a new allocations .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a for each tensor if known == allclose as b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common roots in the paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template from the provider config .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the segment of the loops is in the segments of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a string to a dotted name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  hashes the given mute with some protobuf .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current idle user cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  return the case of the form of a function .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct the streamreader and streamreader associated values from a callable .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the static static page index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule identifier .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  copies a single file to a new location .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a commandline agent using the apropriate managed managed managed device .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function for the empty collection v .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  lowers utility method to generate broken content information .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert (in facts to exceptions .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  check if all spelling have been updated in the given list .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the negative value of the gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  sets the browser username for the course browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  utility function for scrolled canvas .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error provides the iba of the nans .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a given user_id .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the node is clobber .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  logs a endpoint using the given token and the token .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the maximal edge set to a dominating edge .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  checks whether the given str has any of the elements in text to match for a single axis .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  mosaic of the rows for each pixel in w .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  unquote -> string return a string suitable for inclusion in a char .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the user is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a version string for a single requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a radial notation on a prefix .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return the first derivative of the given function f in f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return true if the page is a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop over qual seqs .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable content header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the database sublime settings .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  calculates the in-degree idx for a columns of time .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row to a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  compare two sorted arrays .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the named table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  volumeservice volumeservice volumeservice indices in database .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of the names of the / virtual host .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  helper method to compare salt error out the resources .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  to update requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  get new l10n date and save to new l10n value .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the migration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  a tries to check if the vulnerabilities dependencies of a given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs hugs range type works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  load a batch of integer .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string in the form of a area .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output database definition for all table objects .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest version of a file .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that applies a task into a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  return a string suitable for the given time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  makes a message to the instance for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this middleware is used to cleanup .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if machine is available .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and value .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new api cli example: .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  extract a set of trees for a given terminal tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a block of values in a block of middleware .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  debugging view .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  for debian and derivative when the server starts up .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the server table cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate keys from passed in passed .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse lookup voor should also have been removed .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return information on all installed psget cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  show all the enabled enabled features from the user .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get_option each shared variable h .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add loop to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot the system at the given time cli example: .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  the restful handler for course import via http .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  optimizes info on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns the path to the python inc .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  authenticate against the model to look up the given queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  returns 3 norm of a prime number .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get the windows client identified by the screen .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  process all file results by its types .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  this is the closest helper function to find the closest matches .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos messages .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check whether the folder exists inside the folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains the first argument passed to the function .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a previous command on a module .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test non-shared when mail is present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sending now from pull email .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  returns an certificate of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release date for the specified xblock_info to be set as date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  ns a string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a path with a number of dimensions relative to path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the service .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  check for a semidefinite statistic .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from c file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close serial devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  ensure function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns those base pairs with invalid units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  call this function if the repository is greater than the given commit hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns the p-th pmf matrix x and direction along direction .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a list of user fields for each field .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  evaluate the multivariate cauchy function for normal graphs .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  backward compatibility for all students in the course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a list of strings and returns a comma-separated string representing the tokens in it .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or can be coerced into particular hue .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  factory for a row of row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a blob from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculates the successive mean of an array x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit to commit .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract all messages from a list of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group with errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test question .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object and passwords from a string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a voxel onto a voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets the hold preferred time zone .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens as a string containing a single atom identifier .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for the given path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  create a css gradient with a base gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get strokeradius by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns data for the post .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loop loop loop options that runs when were not set .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  return the session object for the current request .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  bitsource how many points fall within the same number of seconds .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that the returncode bar bar can be registered in simple bar .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a list of tracks .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  hashes md5 hash of the md5 hash of a string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator that catches a exceptions that has the same name as the exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish ids or the string "all" if the user has publish .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get a dictionary of the locales that contain a dictionary of locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport basins .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a dict with all available plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the harmonic font distributions for the img font image .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all _simplesizer .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  method to generate a map for uploaded files .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively commit the size of pending entries that are not yet been processed .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the gpg parameter is in the gpg post .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  add a random query in the database .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  download the original mnist data .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of an undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  updates dna for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an jumpserver shell in the context of a given flask shell .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the address looks like a valid netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  load admin video in admin folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of the directory of the given file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood of a test likelihood .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of bokeh library version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  generate an normal t0 function of the samples of the input individual and return the mutant .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if data contains any characters that are referenced by a string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test for issue columns .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  align the contributors log .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract name from a generator using label and labels .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the number is valid .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process a file using disk .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows for combining contents of a python object .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  parameter for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  potentially guess of a line .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  update the case of a stable activity group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes subresultant prs of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  create a mpd method that is used to format a playlist as mpd .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  checks that certificate has at least one extension in a credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue a function to be executed using a ctrl-q queue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield unique elements from a list .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  generates an ldap password from a password hash .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around dump .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  return the cipher cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata info to the larger table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network statistics of the network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  deserialize a new stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock mock .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  recompose each row in a subdirectory .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all loaded files .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this function is used to create an instance of a inbox .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  helper method to get a blank manager instance from the database .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : list sep enum_seq | list .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of push instances from the given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  list all mounts on filesystem .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds additional directories in a given file to the list of segment level .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an super where deprecating is the class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add a header line to the pool .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  quit a database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for setting the class to define a declarative object .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  helper for publish the various review board setting .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows the specified hint .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment for tox client .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text of the current request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a network field available for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns current date as a string with the given flags as a known datetime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test mapnode json .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a tuple of the default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to a temporary file .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the live symlinks file if present in the config file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns true if were null .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  not: not: docs .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a network device s .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of sets that meet the given iterable .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the lines in the given line is the first word of the lines which text .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  given an album object .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  measure of the absolute value of a theano variable .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the elements of a dict whose keys are lists of the same length of the first value is a list of the longest values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a copy of the current sites session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  reboot host to hosts .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  returns a function that given a set of objects .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  evaluate expressions between two keys where the first and <= are the same length stored in the layer .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  ensure the users health state is true .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check whether the given ip address is a rfc1918 one .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for a remote server .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the effective router for a named router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate if a string is utf-8 or unicode .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  make a new instance from the loop area .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  a demonstration of code that limit the content of string .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  run a python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an objects and digest of a type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a string according to a locale for the given year .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  some laplace macros on an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tokens into a list of export-friendly attr_gt .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a queue to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load an empty template from the source .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send hm handler to fire events .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  return the number of bytes required for an int .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  function to format a bash in a string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime instance .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar size for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event handlers .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal hex .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts for models .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks the validity of the themed header line .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  compare current configuration returns: none if the value is unknown .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function name for the last function in a database .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize a simple wrapper for the specified stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert the prefix into serialization name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for the public interface .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent name the name of the bookmark force : boolean force : boolean recursive on removal to destroy destroy destroy destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  turns a string into a long integer .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status of a 304 code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset for the given formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return an error message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects config file .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for otu maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test params which can be used to provide env variables for env .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  add a value to the django widgets field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  entry point for the job documents .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  list all compute nodes by a hyper .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  wait for a topic to be ignored .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract common language dictionary from a dictionary .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns a dictionary where the first argument passed in information .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an integer packets or redirects to the packet address .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  internal helper function for parameter value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the filesystem listing .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the right transformation matrix and label of the matrix x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is present .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the smtp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host here so that the host is pick pick the host system or list of host_names .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an ipv4 space .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths from the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for providing dynamic default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable iface on an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  remove the logger for the logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that creates a header property that has the non-adjacent property as the algorithms property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  store a minions identifier for the given job id .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a valid skypename .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory path .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  clears the caches of a task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns the object equivalent of msgpack .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse dict for the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function at x .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  the gunicorn_django list something that gated_content_key is properly loaded into the client .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return a generator from the output of the given cluster .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  calculates the value of the parameter for the given object as values .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  return the mercurial directory of a hg .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a decorator for memoizing function .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check if the email is a mailing list given its email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test mixin for mixin columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the galambos .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  returns all problems in an structure .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function for csr/csc order mark : function | function | function | function | seeks .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  check that a mock is loaded .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  generate weakly connected components of g in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  a process is run in a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a list of valid versions of the given jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  validate that the modules and odds has been rendered by the modules validation .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  converts a timestamp to a datetime instance .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a filename to the renewal config file .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  line inequality between -90 and scale .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry to a given cache file in cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns the partial pairs in coords for sequences .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct | struct .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  make an rgb color space for the given matrices .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  launch a database with the passed job .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  helper function to generate the html document .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup directories for the pack .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  prints a status message and exit with the given stream .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of month and patchlabel .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers for a task in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure username for receiving certificates .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server to see if the service is not specified .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products in the order that are on the current device .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  wrapper for guid_string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates updates the current page .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  a basic grammar .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file path of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all tests from the suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  returns a unified diff of two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  wrapper around the message listname .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get list of people based on a vm and status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  make sure we can check the usage with a given args .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a list .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and new collection data structures .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  get setting from a value for the given key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys into one dict .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string to unicode .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument list of repository into a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  authentication nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute a fixed ip address .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  verifies that the command line looks like foo/bar .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  writes the given data to a file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a dict with keys of the root key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates updates a list of season exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  deletes course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  create a square-free random variable n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns a list of lun ids that are available for the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper for the characters in a string to sanitise .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  runs the vfs relation as a json list; .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a color tuple into a normal string .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end of the end of its possible .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a change of the elements of a matrix .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  convert input image aspect to smallest_side side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a timestamp from a timestamp string .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans object .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the the volume name for the appropriate code .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a directory where each test is created .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check if event is valid and should be published or not be processed .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  get a context associated with the api url .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  set the xblock for courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks for file in the given company company .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  creates a new mock instance of the initiator pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  helper for storing in a single benchmark id .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the bottleneck name of the bottleneck but has no letters .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the randomization randomization of the named axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  pass in the configuration options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  runs the calendarexample application and python active .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the allow_cache of a file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  applies the full path name of each .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias if not already exists .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a copy of constant terms for constant terms .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the filename from a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function for creating a new declarator .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path object based on its position in a resource object .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name used by the unit for the specified unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return true if the given songs list of songs backend is a single string .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return the correct format in the passed in .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether the graph g in g format to set a set of maximal in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  generates a random blank string with a given character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a script .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a datetime to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs forward estimator as numpy array of the noise rate point .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  compare the order of angles and cramer according to the given golden .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train roidb draw a roidb in a separate training process .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the data in the given file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the minion uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to create a temporary file on an object temporarily .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return system information from an object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce paired dataset .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  makes a format to a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a list of groups that contain the given named group .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the timestamp of a valid mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle the users hook that the customer is not in the customer of a customer signal handler .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the html for the current user .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  prefix: a string of a config file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  decorator for issue graphs using a sympy expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  returns a list of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the special text representation to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an update for a blob that has been created during the user .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip test if config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  decodes a base64 encoded value into a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  signal after user is saved .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being iterable objects .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate the filters for the filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the window of x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function for the callers function: return a string of a function that appear in a single integer .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  accepts an iterator of data from a table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  computes the wigner second dimension 6j .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes with data about the plot as a dict .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  remove the given pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders a template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this is a helper function for first servers .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  recursively scan a list of all python files found in the minion .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  performs resize on a tree with 2 elements .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  get the arguments of a locale based on its arguments .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  call tune2fs .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  get all the css css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  filtered the first min_step of a message to become the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test reading a table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of the minimum cost of an undirected graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  pack an ip address to a number given an integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append the given period to the beginning of a period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the leftmost value in a less than a .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return pick from a list of numbers .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  return a list of paths matching the given regexp names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  set up the rate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host using a mysql server .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of the locales of all locales which they are all locales of the given api function .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  adds a new advanced component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert a move in degrees .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of all items of keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float by copykeys and delete the values .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  generator that creates an entity object for a given protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test using a reference values .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test that the forbidden resolution produces the same results and c++ .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  define a new xml element .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  aggregation dask dataframe to compute categories for each index .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the appropriate package that can be imported .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a string where each list is a valid set of characters .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  verifies that the version string is a valid rar version string .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for a sequence of keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns a sized string with the old matched in the form of a ips .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the instance of a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between vectors v and v .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the matching key fingerprint hash_type the fingerprint public key to calculate the fingerprint used to calculate the fingerprint cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text for the given color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round float rounded method of the given precision using rounding .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send emails to inform easy email verification email address .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  return first item of the difference between the first kind .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all rules that can be used to pattern rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of the installed instance .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  register an import writer function .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  remove the authentication .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send message notification for notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an instance of a description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restore the state of the warnings module when passed an open file emitting the state of the state was returned by get_warnings_state() .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return a gcode .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create an instance of the target class .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to wait .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from svgreader .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list of nodes to be escaped in the tree .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  sync sync files to be used to process the sync concise .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  the user to serve the most similar to the request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the parent system .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of seq specified by the prefix .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all per sff files in a lib directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  returns the evaluated version of the string as a unicode string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  for each tables that might be written like strings .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  return the time in the given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test simple xonsh functionality .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  returns a fixture that can be used to provide a stub .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a dict describing all user partitions matching the given course scheme .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  return the prefix for key to the named key file .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with 1st order linear coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  loads an image from pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  add the current cms in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  musicbrainz album information for musicbrainz items using an album musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz items .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the integer into vector and sparse vector .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove data from short file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the default raw .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a check and check it loads places .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a file from the destination to the destination tool .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a modifier code for the tar flat code block .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  test whether the file is importable .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the staff courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  recursively resolve media document and all files of a given resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document from model via post .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  disconnects current backend from the template context .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping ping after halting has been replaced using an ubuntu-based generator .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test edf and backup-list annotations .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the certificate to the vcenter .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides the specified iterator as an iterator .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  a helper function to convert a raw result to the write command line .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache for the client .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  returns a string representation of the given date .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  input from header and train it using a titles: function .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses a string using a list of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check if the check is not already one of the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check if c is a valid color or a string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  writes a record to disk .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a book must have a valid ancestor .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default retryparams instance .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any instance of the instance model .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  detect the address for the address .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator factory for tensortype handlers .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration type .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function to set the proper version of the connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update settings based tm .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  compute the linear solution for a scheduled array .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert an image to a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  helper to retrieve attributes for the type specified by the hxz .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  gets the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block by the new block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model size .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parses a w3af_profiling document_class as a sequence of values .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  return the list of available users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstalls a plugin from the remote plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the value of the selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  find a pants setup for the given classifiers .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  calculate the description of the service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the cumulative product of the given result as a float .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  get and return all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights chunk .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the current image .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  helper method to log the command line intepreter .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by tcollector if everything is not installed .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the distance between the sparse document as a list of the root of the elements in the sparse document .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all function files .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print the tree at the given native tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  binds a cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test verifies the top_filters class can complete as possible .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only supported on utilityonlyworkson systems .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  test simple figure .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run pylama pooling for money digraph .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given signal handler for i{sigchld} .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  cleanup or remove a plotly .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a version string for inflates .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the base64 encoded encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a directory path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  returns a new .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate an encoded path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin mapping .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the line is a line number of dictionary values in the message location .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  class decorator for performing the numpy and seed id .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode data as a serialized version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  perform a wiskott as wiskott or underscores .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the setting for the passed setting is the data we end .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if the item has changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph in the graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the current request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the fileobj can be used as a background fileobj .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line and return a tuple .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test file with a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  checks a single task using the set of locales and then set it in the given format .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to the sympy of the corresponding element .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a given credential and password .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a dictionary describing details .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to check a response headers is either an exception if needed .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a dictionary having all the config options from config files .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the test foreign namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate an router for interacting with the specified router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  handle a response as master on the configuration .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds list of information about all form as dictionaries .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  helper function to extract an alternative out of word2vec images .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the version of salt on the minion cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  create a modules that match the regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate an array which includes the expected error .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create an extension with the specified name .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of two blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file and return a dictionary .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all occurrences of the field with a different value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  find all the states of the state function in a given state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  helper function to give a single gui for a fif file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return data for text: dataframe when x is a dataframe .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  return the ifneatnumber .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test local file with a given local contents .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  return final date value for the given waveform .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a url; argument and return a tuple .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  only use the type to support types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  return the email for the given recipients and cc .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  copies an error message to a socket .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  a context manager which changes to those variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  return the base64 encoded image information for the given image cli example: .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  determine if shuffler protocol is a unsupported lower version that is not supported by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create the path to a flocker file in the datastore .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from the config file .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the directory tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the vhost group of the users that the user is vhost .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  the comment form for a comment by removing all 2-character .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load the schema data from a table .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of bytes in the given user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the given string as hex for the given char or unicode string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform expr into an expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks the map for correctness that the process has the same .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a mapping this view name to the view name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a int guess at the given message part of the message .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for the property specified by the name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  determine the absolute version of the repository to which a repository is called .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  maps the key pipeline pipeline into the primitive dictionary .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  return the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquote a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  given a list of document2 .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time out of a time value that can be passed into a time .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gcode files which is unique .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request token .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive and then recvfd the socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert an ip address to its reset ip .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an http lines of a dictionary of lines that contains lines of subsection-headers information .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  display all the sensor managers figures in the figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  call fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws config service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes if result is not at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all serial lag-polynomial .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  helper to create a method to check if it has any status .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  open a command as a preferred preferred .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents depending on a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get the count of an object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert the string s to a boolean .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test generator with various sampling parameter .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the anes96 data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return a webui object for the given sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test if python file result is run .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  creates a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url for a follow instance <a href="{% actor_url request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher with the given key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess a sequence of variables into an expression .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  return a known paths for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  upgrade any signal with signal for a signal .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  clipped clip by the inter-cluster clip .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments string of a feature considering when the table of some of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator for the given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts a datetime object to the timestamp of the timedelta taken seconds .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  rewrite the internal state of the shorthand .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  use the image to update the image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize partial playlist from partial name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to a native uri object .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels and truncate labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find qa for the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  get environment variable name for current subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate using social backend .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  for each type of type string in string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a piece of bytes .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read this file and return a list of statements in a filename starting with the file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  given a inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind the given ack to the specified interface .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  variable>}}{text{<dependent validation data passed to the value of generic since the origin is to the actual routines .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of all other groups in the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate a commented header from an irc server .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the computer url if the computer matches the provided computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  one two theano scalars norm of a : 1 .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a list into a single vector on the elements in the specified range .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the similarity score for each slice in the body: .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a file name from the file in the given filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  return a sqlalchemy .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  features up a subdirectory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  dwindle an exception handler for the pep 333 .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  get all the features from the minion .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  tests that the softmax ratings can be used to score and the score .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  returns the path to the s3cache dir for an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  calculates the product of a list x .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  inserting again will not cause user to the facebook manually .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  return the number of active strings in a string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  wait for a file to be changed on this system .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  return a generator of lists in json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates the structure of the nginx structure .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  given a list of positional and a tuple and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns cross product between list of elements .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a brocade specific port to the admin config .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier and the classifier provided using the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a target identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances of the 2-d curve along the given curve curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the remote wanted in an wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets the auth client for a given profile cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change returns: a temporary directory .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  return true if the object is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the last name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  patches a method to an attribute on a class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator to convert argument to validator models .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator for checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the cli prompt that the user has an interactive exception .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  match a file system path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  this decorator should be used as an cron cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service a service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write a directory to all files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes the tuples to the given xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  gets the specified user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is a argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to determine the contents of image .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of barcode with length barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the absolute version of a path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation translation repository for given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out access to authenticate with provided token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  good import the csv file and termgraph phrases are contained in the ajax .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new hashes key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove buf: entries in a folder .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a factory to produce a parsed resource name .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  helper function for validator .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack repo .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the name of the module without the extension .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypes data to a ctypes function calls .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test showing how to create a lazy as json .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  for a clearly .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  this function returns a tuple containing the docs version number .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  like yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the name of the current thread .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that the most appropriate popular are equivalent .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a list of all creation in the graph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return an index of the elements in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find the first match in a list of tokens that match the given tokenizer pattern .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return a transitively attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find the name of a bool in the expression where expr is stored in the s .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x version of rows x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  return a simple word from a simple .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the volume creation time string for a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of the gradient function by comparing it against y0 .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  ensure tool elements in tool inputs .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like orphaned .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode value from hex string to plain format .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encode html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  determine if the tuple is a float .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add all sources to sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  please transform the message into the zip file for each messages .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process with some arguments .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  creates a finder from a path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read a file into its standard format and fname it to the filename .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  decodes the event handlers to the given event .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor for the given descriptors .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  the pdf api is a tuple that can be passed in the remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  reset method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute the spatial pmf for a cluster with permutations and unpublish using a partial cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a basefont with the specified weight .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first root of the undecorate .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer sensor .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the locale from the users separator if the locale is none .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  restore tests on all nodes .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments from the status space .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  generate a change to use for tracking pageviews for a particular scenario .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  parses the database to the received table .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  find the executable .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  called on the admin_media_prefix code in the raw oauth .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  generates a list of programs to be used in user order .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes the string s so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports with whitesource .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of a uint8 array into a packed array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a reduced object for each object in a python object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of a complex form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load an extension from a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a dictionary with all elements converted to a multivaluedict pattern .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  creates a new identity environment .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate the json textbooks textbooks .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes under the given depth to the specified depth .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct signal from epochs in epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the sha1 hash for a given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  returns the number of changed files found in the weekday: .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get flavor specs for flavor specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an undefined-step step stream and stderr .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with search contributors .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  modified elems resolution of the first kind of the elements in an iterable .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the number of "principal" along an axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  pastes pastes against invalid ip .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash for the specified key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  helper to convert raw routes to code t to more than tan(x)**2 .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict describing the config files to use .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix of the given radians .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maps the code description into a description and sub code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is a installation of the file system .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  dump info into the info file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between a file name and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a sequence of tuples in a yaml file .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate all *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  helper function to ensure that a widget exists in a widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for example .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper function that returns a trace as a dict .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  when a process is used .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the value of a link-local to a dict .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  similar to repo_info_tuple .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the supplied external port from a redis container .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  the main function cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder the mr for a set of attributes .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  turn a list of dictionaries into a new dct .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  waits for a block until an instance is ready to appear .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if the value is an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a message along with the given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset **parameters**: form the form form }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all the options to a config file .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 holes to the path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty to a single test .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  reads a json file into a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  make a mock connection to the current user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a permission locations from a file with the given name .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  a wrapper around str .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a given sequence into a single sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for review .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the commands as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  check if options matches the rules: rules: .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract nodes from the expression tree at the end of the tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  get the cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no 2 .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper function to get a list of configuration key from the key in the configuration .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  create a generalized key for up-to-date .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add a user to the users file using the userdel module .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the details of the named notification cli example: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the query .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a regex to the corresponding static file name if the function is not greater than the given source string .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the segment from the segment table .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  generate the global search paths and ld .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  award the given template_name to the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a sequence of assets for specified app .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test packagefinder only accepts data only the equivalent .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any blog categories in a template .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  fetch a list of names based on the rich_text rich_text .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and append to file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a view that filters the avatar url for the user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the docker settings that are read from the testing file .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  the -> value of a string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write relationships .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx approximation of the gradient of a time series parameters x : array the transformed array of all pairwise in the interval .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of vertex paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the modified density function of the matrix n .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tree can be set correctly .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message with the private count items for the cached object .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  returns a 4-tuple suitable for the client .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis set in redis cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check if the given old mostly is equal to the same .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces a form that can be updated as a dictionary .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  returns a list with an numbers in qt qt qt compatible dict .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_value : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generator to load all defined rules from the given list of rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  return a generator of the first length of a bytearray of the given string .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  map all files in a subdirectory .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  decoding decoding a string of decoding 3 encoding to self .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate for the current certificate domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  splits a iterator into roughly pieces .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  a replacement for creating a cluster api .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  set the key/value pairs for each record in json .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create new content at a new location and add new location to the new location .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add from surrounding loops to surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled has .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status of the process with linode .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when a customer is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  reader data for edf+ .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  setup the service running when running pyinstaller .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test when no random seed is raised .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return diff information for the prepopulated when creating a diff with the same < _test_time .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given number of datetime .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily like object like (x)html but finished for the object thing .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  removes the given exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of phases by the name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if a file can be updated on file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a plugin class to an existing plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url to be sent to the user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  determine if the element given by the unit segment is a list of dummies .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse this expression into parts .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates a string key-value pair of key=val .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  print a theano cell cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group with the specified security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id delete on this thread ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split each line into chunks of size rows .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  updates a draft by dict1 it to the remote backend as old project .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a scheme and applies it to the given scheme .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  this function tries to generate the database file for gce .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for searching for the custom_report table .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  returns the yaw to which vehicle heading to be used .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  the set of label should be in a multivariate .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to the client .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  helper to ensure that the request is the same name .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  helper function for refactoring maps .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without fit .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the value of the type field .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract selected parameters from the provided stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  helper function to allow querying current course level to apply the current course of the current course helper for all of the ccx courses .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %reset ip nvars dimension .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a wsgi application which sets the expected status of the process .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation between the input data and the pipeline of a matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the oauth2 session .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  return list of users with the admin job ids .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a dns from the cluster config .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a domain name for the domain .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  a signal receiver which is updated .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  data is a varnishadm part of the current position in a buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click the browser box for the element to the specified css .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return false if max is under the secondradian .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value of an image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of added added to the callbacks of the given callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to the provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a dict converts a dictionary to a single level dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta to make it readable by a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps a timestamps parameter .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  loads a graph from an installable file into a list of networks .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns the currently selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run the process and return its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read data read in binary data from disk data map .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create an rrset from the text .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  main function for sff files from cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test case cases where tp are the same .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  given a path to a list of paths .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no function used to track the module .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string describing a hash .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  wrapper for jinja .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log an attribute on the class .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches for a single id in the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  the facebook of the facebook invite modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain name as a request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  uses list of all tuples from a baremetal list as a dictionary .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to an iso8601 time when applicable .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into imap flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load coverage class_ from the keystone http f .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over the server .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the value of a user in the given module .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the convex vector3 .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of text in the model .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  a generator of lists in a sequence of lists .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of an parent object doc .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate an instance of cls -> boolean .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns all edge centrality for nodes in a directed graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  execute a centimeters action on the given axes .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returner all data from all minion cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if the object is an instance of the given type or a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster to a group .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively convert to a vertical object .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace python dotted path to directory-like one .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  return none for new_jobs the flash .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap colormap but only for a four configuration .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots two axes pairs .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  updates the icinga2 dictionary .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  sets the arma process of a var(p) process in a correlation format .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a valid topic value .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn track turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test downloads volume labels from volume spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array on an array of arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token for the given host using the post options .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the string with the given color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function: return the timestamp in the db database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all vms on the specified vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version from the revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture to give an httpbin effect for each httpbin filter .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  change frequency of the meeting that was passed .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* is an instance of the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version for a distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  convert a query string into an excel feed .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  signals to start the home directory .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an int or a number .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the real number of a multiple polynomial .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the behavior of wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parse a string to a datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer from the serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  return none if the value is none .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write pnm file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe to a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  compute the power of all nodes in g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return a dict describing linode ips from linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display a box .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a year for the periods of a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about the given user_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute tasks in the execute a list of tasks and execute all tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the mean of the given event nodes in the list of events .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  set the authenticated client object to use for the secrets database .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the given function .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a flat model for the working model and returns a dictionary with the coordinate post .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return first id of the lines in set .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all running agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the fraction of prox and t .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform transform into a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating quantile .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  this function prints an exception .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default view to get a document that is either from a redis .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change the xml tree .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  returns true if the line is blank .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a timestamp to your system .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  boundvariable and setup old cloning from reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  recursively set the directory for the given cachedir .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to toggle the registry code block of the next code block .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  make a list of length n from a list of renewal .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess the unicode string contained in a native tab .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window of all date by idx .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  validate an intent email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  calculating -> int restricted the expression contains only the first character of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  get a range identified by name .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  generate the md5 graph of tags read from a graph of another threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert all finite of the finite matrix .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquote -> ~/abc return a string which contains only 1 character with the file removed .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  retrieves the course this is ready to check for the given user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle the pdf errors that the packet and assign it to the given dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls s3 backoff .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  generates a standard cgi-style string from the given type .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake fake fake facilities .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse an rfc822 .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  get segment path from uic2tag .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get the schema of all the database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding from index or underscores .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get the debug master .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  gets a valid python field name for a given field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports to the specified ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  stub function to clone the str() from a dictionary .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the current umask of a remote package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and content .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to the database and perform the version number of determinant .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock an error response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode the string in the series/index using the given encoding character .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  parses a piece of text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  returns a dict with audio urls for the given named urls .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  view helper for /@twitterhandle/ to send to the queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  explicitly cast a list of file to the specified parameters .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  runs the given output with the given session .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test assumptions for assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets a list of hit instances for this database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create a file with the given name and write contents to it .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the given key has to be encoded .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert tokens in token tokens to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether the email should use the given email to get a user .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of onionshare version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse the html page at the given page with the provided html .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  returns true if the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  convert a string in the html starting with the given head .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  consider a summary of the variable gate .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to find bc in a given file and added demultiplex file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with timeout on the client .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the user to the context .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  visit a test suite for the given class .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to all the filenames in the project .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path to the directory that contains the file located .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform morphological nl of any kind on an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  data collection check to make requests .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests api endpoint to make things via api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a vim-friendly string from a list of tuples .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all themes known to the system .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates a new imageclassificationmodeljob .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  boolean check whether two components of a repo is isomorphic ndarray the exogenous and b are equivalent of the second kind .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit a message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip test if a package is a duplicates .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  this is a quick sort of dicts .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  sobel sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  list all roles in all roles cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a command with an optional one argument to pass .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne forward solution using verify_user .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade entry in the course for the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  calculates a sample standard error .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing - crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object into a dictionary .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns true if and only if wcs can be generated .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the versions of an ipython notebook .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document that will normally be a bokeh bokeh bokeh back to the current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  steps case case case when scenario has ignore steps as steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  return sid from utc .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  test that new values in a list .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  just like the join" .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups for the specified security group .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  remove one or more info about each django .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  recursively replace the object by their replace into a new value .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  list associated groups associated with role cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download options from argument to the available dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  splits a path into a unix datacenter path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into a datetime object per clip this is abstracted to allow some symbols .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a database connection .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores binary file content to a sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the tree as a compound tree .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  for a case with a cache set .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for events and forward them .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether the review can delete a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles app for needles needles app .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update certificate in config lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  helper function to get cloudwatchevents client from a given module .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of typical courses by their announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  returns the chain generated by du .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to ensure that this decorator is used to locked .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  function to check the quicksort functions is required for processing .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  convert label to mpls label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse an xml file into a leaf xml .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with the given doc .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  dialog the standard error message if the users dialog is well-formed .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check for horizontal large 3 channels .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a list of whether or resource_view is a list of yyyymmdd date strings .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the eng prefix for the given format to the dict .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the package name of package itertools .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type / request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to display for a *endpoint .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update stats from srcpath and add manifest in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks to delete subscription subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache key for the entity .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  transform dtype to zero type .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get mrl of media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  unpack an expression .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse the machine and return the result of a modbus service .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an part of float to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests theano methods which are same as the same .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  n-dimensional binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url to a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse the ancestor of urls .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the following path from aspath and returns it as a list of tuples .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  transforms an iterable into a set of length keyed by step .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the name of the template script that can be used to complete the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a aware datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  returns the directory path to the context .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  md5sum a sum of md5 md5 hash of the specified str .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print single notes .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  uncomment all validation methods using the lazy error code .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  override the default config file to be used as binary .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  runs a celery process .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a configuration structure for the given msvs configuration .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  generic function for creating a private key from a private passphrase .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate videos certificates for all students certificates .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  filename -> str get a vector of a vector path .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  takes a row and returns a dict of the supplied row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  saves a tensor into a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  updates the allowed from settings and returns a list of principals values .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if haproxyctl is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function computes the end date and fetches the printed message to the given date .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  robustly test whether obj is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  get all available files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute style loss for dividing gradient for go on :math:[-2 .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : function sep enum_seq | function enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  completely clear all events from carbon 1 .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that start-up can be written as a condition 302 .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown string and returns the given description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the output_root output_root .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create a set of occurance identities for the series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape a string so that it can be present in new whitespace .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  remove a previously set field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree running in vmware form .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the apply function of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  resolve resolve resolve the specified domains dns up to the specified domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a version of v2 version that are in test_pickle mode .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from pdbimport .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a service instance .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote server using the remote command and then instantiates .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  given a url and a query parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  try to convert an object value into a string .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the next series is farther than three every series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks for #148 .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  just returns the currency symbol as set to a given value also be set in sales module .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  returns a list of the names of the given calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for the formstyle tool .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing filenames are mapped as being moon-like goes for each type .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms series expansion for series .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert an xml tree from the subgraph contents to a package .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  decorator to add a class to an existing class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten each app .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable tuples .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the configured config directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  performs an ssl server instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a context request for a url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  checks if current file has complete vs .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function finds the ids of divisible ids for each batch of object .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file using cpp .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  show the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the gaussian distribution for an adapter forward and unsafe data .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return an array of weighted array of weighted samples from the given percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before running process .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  adds a function with a given argument name set .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  checks whether the test file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  helper for chain() .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  do not define the method calls .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the parent directory of the given job .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like os .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of content usage relative to the directory trees from .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms the given clip into an element .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot snapshot is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  list the currently active volume as a list of the container .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  query the client for a specific token .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a list of ip/cidr data to camel .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the given meth .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for package browser .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external logging with javascript elements of the javascript interface .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that only works when the decorator is available .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the current sites configuration and the default value for a key .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  scrub all parameters from the module and return a dict describing it .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluate a word2vec summary of raw variables .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two events to show connections .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a dict of the facet items as dictionaries .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return pearson between v1 and v2 according to v2 arrays .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  performs a sanity search for the given ssl .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a httpresponse representing a record as a multipart instance .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns the power of the matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish this one of the formatting completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand path name based on windows .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  test that the shifting can be updated .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns path as an absolute path expansion of the path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached language changed for the specified language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  function generator for allowed_sorts an http array .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a dirty collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in the provided dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return dictionary with signed content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the output of a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  remove all the files in a query .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a connection with the specified options .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  use warnings for services to expect filters .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  check that a value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to add the given indent to the debug function .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a maximum -flow of the neighborhood of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the parent directory path .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  extends over a brands and extract the most recent counter .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the bracket version of the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return list of option options to .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message about the experiment usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system elements to user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract information from a jdk .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is authorized to view this page .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed to the carbon genrepo .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that integration is created with https .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  do not use json so that the data passed into a string .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  helper temporarily add modules to sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create a file if it doesnt exist or the given content .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on show .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a list of child dependencies for the given current graph .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  on a nearby resource .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  check the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the host here for the current datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the matching version .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a list of pairs according to order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an exploration to the list of answers for the given answer id .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  on balance correl .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all published values of ccx courses so that they have the course role on the course helper function .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a nans data that it contains unsafe files for any .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  get url for django 1 .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return compiled list of filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks for duplicates after looking for duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  test when the in-db argument is properly returned .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  reapplies a repository into a repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django server to toggle the django server .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within the elasticache subnet this function is present in a specific subnet group .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse the request from the request and return the contents of the request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  normal table with table for normality and normal table .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = dot note that this batched_dot function does one of two variables: .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get a list of all views from the handler if possible .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a filter for working with a sensitive filter .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more dictionaries containing a single string in the given dict .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the user to provide a dictionary of data .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  a helper function for sorting symbols and joins their information into the admins .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove a website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an xml element info dictionary and return a dictionary of raw info .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the configuration state to the current database .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple method to construct a set of matrices from a single raw notes .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fixture which provides a readlinebridge .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that the supplied frame is a string .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect an unordered list of tool tuples and return them as a dictionary .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the version string .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test exception exception raises an incompatible when evaluated is not in some way .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parses a list of files to a python file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive use request to view related current urls of youtube num .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a chordal graph using the chordal graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  generate an decoded port number from the command line .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects --> uris .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when examine command completes .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check that the value is on windows color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images for the given exploration summary .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has staff and translate this user has access_level access to the staff database .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  get the python module for a package .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a traffic server .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted and its predicted .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate an index at the bottom of a true .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a review needs in a review return if it is available .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  returns a list of allowed_request_methods: entries for a given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an int value for the given flag value .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function into a sequence of .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  python 2 .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return an iterator to all the files that can be used to know .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  detect the deployment for the project .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is it a string a python file into a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  terminates trailing comments from the provided source .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of c{int} .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unserialize := return a single top-level variable as a function of the same containing the filter .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the html year for the project .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like the input array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition for a user .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly simplified socket wrapping function .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  clean up urlpattern attributes that need to be inserted in the [amo .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of all users with the given users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return the portion of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags on an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  sets a special text to the textbrowser .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all networks .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check whether the 'nofollow' list is a nofollow .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  copies or add an application extension to a specific periodic extension .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to an bokeh issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  applies nice choose on hubble .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  issue #32 describes how if wanted .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  queries the list of file beetsplugin for a plain one .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring status cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the prefix for the current thread from the request if it exists .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  gets the internal spec for property spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a label_tag to the response using the response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible for the given node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary mapping information about the xblock of the given course score .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the certp for the ca certificates to use with the certificate name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  uses johnsons algorithm to gamma gamma gamma .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale and scale helper method .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  sample function for retrieving the rows .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager on eager for the given rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the directory from the system .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a list of numtips for geosgeom_t numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql configuration for the grant database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be run in a threadsafe directory .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a little helper function that creates a room and room .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is properly implementing the stack of the class .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the given attribute and action are valid .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  calculate threshold value based on yens method .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  print the commands to the appropriate file content .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator for notify which is a method decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  convenience method for quickly getting an sample context .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  generate the genelatex post-order breqn .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  test that the cookies can be run when cookies are successfully .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  create a simp for the parser .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  creates a dummy function for a dummy style object .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace none with spaces .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies that the x509 x509 certificate is set up the certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  choice with a validator .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific computenode .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow nodes from the workflow root .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  decode a list of tuples into a glob list of dictionaries .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  linearly model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the repo .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct a .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load this module if haproxyctl is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  sets up the plugin app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date according to the locale settings .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for running tests if theres a driver test .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  gets the host of an rpc request transport for use with the given host .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs a shell command with the provided settings .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help help command .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  add a disk profile to the cached overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert file path to a base file system path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi file with a different pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  set the suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  performs a collapsed on the *rules .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that when you attempt to fix a declaration .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the effects of a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  gets the user dict that the manifest user has an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  check for hex colors matching regex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | boolconstant | integer | integer | const_ref .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using prs .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape input value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the difference between two points of the central surface of the passed in r .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  deprecated conditions .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac module .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plots x x and axes .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the calculated file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the initial state with an initial state taps that has an initial taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the image as a tkinter .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create the contents of the given contents to the given file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a modelformset for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a "package" on the drac .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  utf-8 encoding to unicode .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  marks up transcripts of available transcripts transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert an url to a local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given cred_name .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces union tags to select the argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string into a bitlist list .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set internal dns .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  re-encode with letters to skip plots from base and return a single integer .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list of tensors .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an lat .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the keys in true to the true value .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context for the facebook model .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  simple prettify output .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  initiate a redirects of http request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit an account .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the leading monomial of a tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  attempt to terminate a signal as a background task by type .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  for us the class name .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  this is a fallback which modify any django vendor to fix a python function in the database and will run .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes required to the given numba type .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return the hashable position of a list of the kroneckerdeltas .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that the exploration model was automatically generated for the exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  runs code as an iterator .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve a hostname to a message .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs the first character from a string describing its character key .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  given a list of paths and a module name to find all modules in the system .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password of comma separated password is provided .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content parents .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  an example template to get the corresponding cola list .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  register a registry .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  not all utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute a job command .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the values in tupleize .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset points inside the loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  change form field .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a pcfg file and return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test legend for polycollection using legend axis .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a group cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  native self .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the altz text representation of the epoch that is 0 .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new entry in the specified endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  busy a folder on the local machine .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer in the given dom window .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the given profile cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the currently set on a key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function to add an launch redirect to the launch url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of all registered modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  check that the tolerance would work properly .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  key to ensure that csr values are valid .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a commanddispatcher and delete the unit stub window .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in ip .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  disconnects a 301 object based on the disconnects .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  show the lazily file to match the binary and then split it .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to no .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the dictionary where the elements are period from the alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a canceler 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if dhcp options exists on the route .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape string for inclusion in rfc given css document .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the path to a file in the given path .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete a api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run all apps in app with those or -s options .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns value rounded to a given precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  create an object to be performed as a bucket of datetimes .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the movie movie player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  makes a template to a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record from the removes dictionary .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  get the string from the filename .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively apply a nested serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the global state of the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make sure that a staff user is in staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is a websocket of headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  prints the list of modules .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  runs the wsgi application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get docinfo arguments for run locally .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a listener .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  ignore pattern that would otherwise be ignored or collection of the given patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows data based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the base library defined in the given user .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the github url corresponding to the given object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth coefficient of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  regression test for bug support .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  return a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add default users to the course for which a user group has registered .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve and return the list of permissions for a given username or email .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  turn the arguments in the zmq column into a python version .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the plugins specified in the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a temporary file that will open the current process and saves the device to the given filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry fourth attempts to retry what http server has it html-escaped .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the running labeled .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert fits record to record array .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a remains optimization .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds the dummy vm vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an error escape which can be used with a single error escape .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf to exempt a response as exempt from csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a python timedelta object to the total seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  theano copy of a system in the bcpy list .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  generate an encoded hash of encoded params .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the correlation coefficient of the median along the specified axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the username of a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  handle both the succinctly identified by launcher .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative implementation of nose for each field in x .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  helper function used by gis to provide a list of comments for map found in the comments .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the view is not a mobile css file .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a single text and returns a tuple from the given text .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a repository in a local file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  convert a string to a lambda function .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to generate the execution of the connection to prevent .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  if the b64e(s) platform is a valid <a .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  remote nice .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of the input array x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  it automatically extracts download the url from a url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  renders a single recipients on the note settings .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the url of the api running sabnzbd instance .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of control representing the list of jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  generates the available document for each document found in the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource in the given path .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  registers transaction on all classes with a given name vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get checksum of a song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test md5 hashing hash algorithm .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  tickets edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule identifier | simple_stmt .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove all padding from source index .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers into a dict of meta header value .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  used to get the database site url for the provided request .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a list of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  find a library and post-conditions trash if available .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  function for callback which shall the current threaded function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash ignores values from the review store .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if the object is a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete data .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation string and return the resulting content .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob pattern in the tree .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the functions in the list of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute of the attribute that contains a normalized metadata metadata as a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse the apache and display it .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a deterministic backend for the stochastic device .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  searches through the filesystems in the current dir .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  this function is the first two arguments .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns a mac address as a sequence of easy-usable characters .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  loads a file from fpath .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see url .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  explicitly release an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith is created in the stonith device .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the actions for the given content .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the specified pseudorandom is a hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test parsing a command .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that ensures a function has the decorated function .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  readers that whitespace after the number of seeds at the end of fields are specified .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function that sends logging to backwards .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string to json and encodes it using base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the arguments into a list of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if bracket is mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  determine if the identifier line can be extracted on a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  adds a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all apps have been changed .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a generator of over all elements of a given entry .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  vanilla test for receiving receivers .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  generate a partition of size that uses cyclic size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  returns the logged-in closest to use for the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the filename of the current thread .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get a color name from the persisted_block .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  executes the response for spanning links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join inputs within a node .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  accumulates representation of binary representation .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close logger by removing all logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for each page of the meta .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check for mysql if mysql 'red' .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure the compile error is raised .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  the number of lanczos function that can be a 2-d point number of vector3s for the precision .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the singular case of a list of points to the scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  calculate the current which contains the given config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  this:: from a task of assert assert that bubbles can be executed in get_user() .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  whether rsa is a key function .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  decorator for notify which applies django 1 to the decorated methods in the database .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  helper function to start a server and port resources .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  the cloudsearch_changes option must be supported in this test .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  sets the life to be used as a filter .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an api request via the given http instance .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this is a template method to create a template object for the project .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return the *l1* of the maximum number in the frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  for example of stub ignores automatically example for this course .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check to see if nictag is set cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  evaluate efficiently taylor in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump the column .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  make the given path relative to the single-letter file .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates logic .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  the main branch uses the galaxy database to truncate data at the end of a database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  wrap a query string to a list of tuples .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by date .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  return whether obj is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return list of users with user role for the user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a mountroot for use in tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  returns the imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a sparse matrix from a autocorrelation image diagonals space .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an eauth token from the create a token .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has no target set .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  merge the volume bindings using a block binding .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit data from fif file to fif .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a task for sending email when a task has changed .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return a autocorrelation of romberg replacement for the var(1) value .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start the celery worker for a given app .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the absolute value of a filename on an index file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  this view is not a helper function to verify that it can be mutablemappings by the ascending + .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of features agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip any previously strips values .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  a dummy host string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  helper to create a default locale for locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  sample a product wiki page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  scale and try to scale on the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk dir trees under dir .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  contructs the block of each block in the block of the block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the default thread name for deadline deadline list .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of the package version string that can be installed on the system .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that only works when the decorator is available .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time as a tzinfo instance .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a sample from a sample data structure .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a authentication digest for a username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send step to see if the db has been created .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ssh network options .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory on the given filename .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns a list of group devices from the locate locate cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to get the result of a given tag from the given runner .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  helper to determine if git is present in git .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  return list of all information about databases cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of parameter names .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the docker command on a remote host .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  get the line number of the current thread .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a supported connection from the first supported chars .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list *obj* to a list of native strings .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre algorithm .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  handle technical 500 of exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert field into an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  convert an event to the appropriate event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  zca test for principal components used to (short coordinates .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the mill of the field in the given curve using the field and short-circuit -- the field which contains all of the field labelled is found in the same
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search a pattern by name .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an editable data and returns the data consistently .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the markov size of a minus operator for each pixel .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped mean squared log error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  perform a hash of binary number .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an xml string .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  string: the current request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save data to the database .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the database .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a cipher object that can be used to perform a new instance .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a copy of the task dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return the given object as a string .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure that s isnt either option or a string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tuples from a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run a test on a uploads file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username for the current thread .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing current directory with a package with a expected one .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously fetch the data indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  creates a list of accentuated elements in the given integer .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the given tag creates a generic node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  prefix a btrfs inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given file to a temporary file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns an instance of a finder based on the configuration option .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  test special characters of mnist .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  rest controller - used for searching for use on autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  normalize an xml string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove devices from the block device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator for marking a logging argument to a message .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot and the start of the service is enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime object for the given month .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  parses a query response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  return a dictionary of issues issues of the given dictionary .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns the context for the current thread .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  an example template filenames and directories a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  displays a session .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add attachment_specs for all keys .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to be called when it is called .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the pdf module object to read the data for saving .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves general diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and return the list of modules .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images in current image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  the backend entry point for the current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  return the text as text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return path to the unix socket .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  app with verbosity options set .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  client a service from the service with the given tags .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the annotated in the given wavefunction .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  generates a cluster depths for the filters .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  converts a n-d n-d matrix to a numpy array of names .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  the main test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow a custom language for the nginx .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  replacement for naptr .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks two lists of ndarrays .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe a job identifier in the given disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the value of the word after split each line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  compiles given job based on the job ids .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a plugin from the output .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  perform a single leaf operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  available magnitude and np .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  cb equals the result of a result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse sample id to by testversion .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send an email to a new streamhandler .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  a peer_info of the gradient at the given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  test for bug manipulation .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print a list of objects by printing the given 79 value to the given width and sentry .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from network .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  performs a database connection from a database connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  find most recently token for the git of all builds using the fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a "magic packet" to a multiframe server cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  set the current thread name for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  runs the versions of the two results .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  helper function to import a file from a string .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  when we can ask the ask with a ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | ruleitem | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules assign expr | morerules = const_value .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython extension to be used for logging times .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a single influence for each element in axes .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a file to a remote tunnel file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test fit and m2 using the bound constant .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  this is a helper function that formats the number of all establish that evaluates from the prefix to present in the string .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  helper for oserror .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  parse a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ the results .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the upgrade table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds chain this plugin allows you to define a new chain dynamically .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs matching paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns the redirect user .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  returns a user id .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  takes a incron file to be changed by the user to access .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project for the specified project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  search corpus for maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a options to the equivalent .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of poudriere main configuration in the trees that provided to be read .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  return hex encoded md5 hash of the loss .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  simple plugins to pull a pull request that writes the typemap to the given zmq .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns true if there is a list of server synapses .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  changes the value of a given image and try to deal with the form set .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  prepare a receipt from the csf denied .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a template from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a test is a unique url .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  rolls = first array to the given logger .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns the type of the type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  checks that the expr has been supplied .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the amount of indentation into a single line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view function which will run timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks an ip address against a floyds within the network device .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a function to be executed upon its results in the given function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  levi-civita -> symmetric + .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  utility method that takes remote method and returns a remote instance method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for a coroutine using a score .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of stored emails for a stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  takes a list of unicode strings and returns a python data structure .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string into a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  brent -> str get the minimum of a function of one variable of the minimum of the minimum number of times .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings as a template backend .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a namedtuple .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download the handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parses the raster as signal .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates and returns a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of a directed graph as a numeric in the removing isolation .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  return the environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get the config file for a specific file in the directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast str to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an hinfo table in the given table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper function to format list of tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function to connect to the observed and ut1-utc .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract common subrois data from a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  handle scroll scroll counter for each string of strings in the list .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string for the specified string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription to subscribe .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if location is an infinite location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the aws altaz is the same as the average between the objects .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  given an object name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a sorted factors of order factors on the host .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert a character references to the range of correspondent .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  get the file from the guest .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  sets up the security group for further factories files .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for caching .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a certificate to the given store name the file to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the permalink methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the collection-list propagation .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make a connection to the single bigip device .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  generate ccpr plots for a time series .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  adds a url to a future .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the schemas for each of the list of schemas .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  generate a octahedron-shaped structuring element of x and y .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository directory for the database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a service is passing passing a passing status status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  helper function to convert address type string to the address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  test stack with specified passdef .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  project tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  return a list of all of all of the files under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set and set its model is not a set of seeds when the model is none .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function clips the entropy of a useful sum .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if node is a title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier predict function outputs a tpot into the tpot pipeline for a fixed data structures .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of paths into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return a list of the p*x_i**n of sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  list user registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  trims a block of text spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse one of the month header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save results to predictions .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  duration a watch module .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers found in the given aws .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  format a datastore key as a timestamp .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the conf set the conf clip for a var(p) process .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert the elements of a list to a list .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  executes a blend crossover that modify in-place the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  initiate the purchase with shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  helper function to reverse an ipv4 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes sure that the extension attribute works as expected .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  get the footer for the instance .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  wrapper around pythons os .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the given text is content escaped for text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get an spider loader .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  return a context manager that temporarily disable changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an opcode to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get latex metadata about a metadata request .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper for checking whether source string is a valid source file or a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensures that the items passed in is the same collection as the end of the given oids .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns a list of blobinfo objects that maps the blobinfo to their associated with a list of summary of each block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the product of two elements .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a new encryption key .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  ensure that the given source is a destination object .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the difference between the given pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  runs the warnquota for a script based on the flow .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  helper function to generate a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use the selectcommitsdialog api endpoint for the given username and query .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read an xml file as a list of networks .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  f test for one trunk between two points .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the halt service based on the configuration .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network by id or module .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays html textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a library and return a random ast library .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the css input for the specified page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  return the comment modelform for the given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the process is listed in the doc and it is called .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash information for a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  create a new subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the name looks like a alive process .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the current user and queue for the specified user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model with the arguments for the model .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that automatically methods in the mime type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that there is no protect when used .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate a list of datetimetz .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of compute ips with the given local tag .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the exploration summary of the given exploration id .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  perform one or more pathname elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the uploaded image for the uploaded .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list into a list of matching whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start and start the start instance for java .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  generate the main body of the console .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user the host of the host to connect to .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  wait for a file to be changed on this system .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns the python build version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for multiple default spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  returns true if the current transaction has been downloaded .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings corresponding to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  helper for the same number to check the number of country calling a phone type .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a character .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  wrap a sequence of text strings by spaces .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  takes a time string and returns the time formatted string .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  query the remote server to app engine .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  returns a list of product of the two numbers .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching names .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get a single student for an order .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an http header into a message .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  helper for username/password balanced .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  this function does a unicode string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a list of cw and returns a boolean .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain wtform credentials .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  returns a new shared shape containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the :class: .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  set up the cart that the cart supports cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  if folder is not to the root root .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns true if g has mutating permissions .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  generate pickle representation of value .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the total degree of the elements in an iterable .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  function returning the shortest fasta fastq to check for fastaqual fastq .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the main function fails .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment for a given order .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain datasets for desired datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm list to a realm bit .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode function for registers unicode collector .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic forum for a topic with a several post .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the dad known docstrings .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  declare pairs of each key in seqs to split_header_words .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  create a array of matrices for a raw set of chunks .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a dict with the server health keys for the server health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test case where the given test case is a given test .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs for a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated nltk corpus are not in the given nltk .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web browser .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  mock model failure dies with update steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  forces a form to be updated as a dictionary .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return the difference between the two axes .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  load a module and returns the filename .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for issue maps .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator to check if the reference exists in the *simple argument .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip id and allocate it .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test if the current session is invalid .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  add a user to the given doctype .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the arch used to figure out of the current linux os .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log an event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  runs a function as a initializing iterator of objects .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the sr reference from the parent vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status of a group by its group groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the xenapi for data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded ecdsa key and return a tuple of ecdsa pairs .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the single module if its normalize arguments .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of a given number .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  given a full social calculates the full covariance function to compute the full covariance of x .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  the handler for 500 .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  find nodes of the given page from xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the requestor .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of all objects with those attributes as they were found in the gc .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  turn a dict of label pairs into a dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a report report on the given date and end date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return current register_schema string .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write data to a stream like the previous stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the given filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  the original uris for pelican mode .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  horizon - called when the request is complete .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  waits for eventlet to become ready or for eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  helper function for ssh .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid by trying to access this process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the tree of a given parse tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the contents of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return partition information for partition cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add a ngram ngram string to the current token .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  shows the resource at the given public auth endpoint .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of tuples .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a number and numeric grouping for places to be filled in a locale int .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  ensure that the state of all containers exist in a threadsafe state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  initialize the state of the module cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of bits of set .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return an elasticache cache cluster .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator that ensures the decorated function returns the argument name of the current pty-req .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render config file produced by grains .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the backend class from the full module path .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  download artist names from google cloud storage .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the current linux distro id .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template contains the limit of the template and limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests that the memoryerrors decimal values are in the correct decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option for a given option .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  serve a thumbnail from a source directory arguments: filename -- the thumbnail to be created .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  generate a file from a file on the local cache .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that code is built correctly for monitor and monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a writer_name queue label from an element of the queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns the url to the article used for the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  change the verbose used by the function .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  evaluate python relationship platonic at the beginning of a python relationship .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  hashes data matches a notepad++ header .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train a set of iterations for one words:: of the cipher .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into an 'application' .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a default status .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return instances and joins active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  the value of the generalized exponential distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to check if namespace is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset sql database tables .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do some blockdevicedeployer to be performed as a base test case .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  return zero or more than a single vector .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  return the image description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  updates the specified host on the provider .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create extras extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns current administrative after the current thread .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format the money then return the number according to the importing importing .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion to launch the netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  down-sample image by taking its rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements the specified requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generates a key from a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds info from a network config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  revert a function to be called if rpc is true .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  test the full link to the appropriate format .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  internal helper function to encrypt an encrypted dict with the given name .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a path initial element of url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates in a directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format found in the format found in a module .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  add to the value from the policy contents .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course access via the given course id .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  compute the normalized mutual info between two clusterings information .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a *very* incomplete function which could add a file to the given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the magnetic field or electric potential forward field in a meg function .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  sort directory sensor strings in the most common directory .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  invalid arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  execute an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return partial derivative of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for the center of a and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler build a dictionary for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of support for this module .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  derivative of distance between two or more array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  sort stk .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  fetch a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a tuple of the make_virtualenv scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  given an array .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for issue #1256 tests that get_pkg_data_filename works in a package .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a conn object for the configured location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update an floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets a component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the instance that the instance for the hash vm .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs available for a server .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to encode a single template handler for printing the different stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  normalize a group type from an array .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under a given list of eps .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids is a list of otu sample ids - the correct sequence of otu file includes that includes the returned .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  generator to return the path to target when target is activated .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a home password cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a string or text if it isnt a unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> abc%20def each part of the string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  widget tool tip .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: lx sort by inserting each row in the graph .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return a formatted datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  min-max mutual sum of points to the multivariate normal dot product of each feature .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling translate environment to the whole file plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  getip view used for testing purposes .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns first pickleable validation .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  calls the configuration to be a secure .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the required required descriptor is actually required for the course of the required course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like the regular html .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a set of whitespace nontrivial raise a minimum if exists in json .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for running cross test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return the best available best matching the time zone names .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors across arguments .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders request .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list all of the logged-in names of the user .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list all the instance of media list instance .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  return an array like np .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if the provided request is a role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }isnotpresent' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of users .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the given interface is a default host within wait_time .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close a client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show the current figure .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  iterates over all the possible config files .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a table with names of issues .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the value of the value in the given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  get the host to use for tracking pageviews for the given job .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the ranfunc suite .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of the given where each element is exactly one element of the first element is exactly .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the iterator for the given message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean if the named package is used on the minion .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  returns list of variables to check for all list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  list credentials for a user .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  sleep sleep on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands if there is a list of commands commands in c* .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance configured in the celery python level .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate an oauthtoken and sets the url for oauth request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load a single sdk check .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to make sure that the user is supported in the distributed function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  the efficiently signal hook on pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  turns a context into a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  wrapper around the rate version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window for the current associated with next time .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp to iso8601 format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is not a mandatory .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all activities .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from an ec2 security ingress cli examples: .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and exits a reactor .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user has permission to do a action access to the user .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  encrypts a dataframe using ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current line number within a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  determine the vdi of a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if the device has valid successfully partitions .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  we can avoid decreffing the lookup dtdelta .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test for #148 when pad_input=true input fails with read data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  formats a packed byte string from the packed data and decodes it .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the secret node for the clean node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a description for the specified phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the slice of a slice into a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql database against the sql database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in an int .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the url without downloading the s3:// part .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of warnings before the operation on .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if this string represents a valid base64 .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a namespace of attributes from the given namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  left and validate the left position in the final component .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove the named group .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces within a virtual machine .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that the in-db attribute for the duration of the oxml class is to be instantiated .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is an optimization of the importer node .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates the web browser url for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  maybe the top level extensions in the top cpp .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get vector3 radius from prefixbegin and delete the original intersection if any .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a hash of token using a string .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  process the servers file from a specified db .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  all tests found in the given loader .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  add the availability for a specified instance to the specified keypair .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization statement for atomic statement that for a atomic value .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons term parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the salt user dict .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parses an upload file and returns a dictionary of information .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the backup for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message from the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the composite settings for this auth .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check if the .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  a test of github api .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add the index to each component in the app id .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the class has a known known bases .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a python stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out the attachments of a stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  helper function to create a new json devices .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vlan exists on the cluster to check if the vlan does not exist .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  launch pylint on the given config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the default config file .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  common name of the method in the make sure that the call is not in the correct shell .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  return the symmetric common substring of the given vector .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  return the status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  set the default list of functions .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  test that the genesis fixture to be used to properly support the cookiecutter fixture .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a uuid is uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this functions is called to fix a opts dictionary of heartbleed .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list of configured virtual server or installed .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression into composite parts .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  simply interprets a high chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates to the list column names for the given cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of frequency thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  mock unicode characters for python 2 .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to crop a crop that is an image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a list of changes of field names .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse the given interface .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and single-line c-style elements .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create an appropriate channel that are in lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a timezone tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send email notifications for user .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the craft folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks to see if a string could possibly be a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process instance .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  return a graph from an approximate matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style dict from the given campaigns .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of length n from an iterable of numbers .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that pydotprint does not crash if long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extract environment variables along with xml file already in environment variables .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  removed files by a given user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  return datetime object from str .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of disk to be used to check to the new container ip address and return it .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the javascript of a function/method .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns from the directory list .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 word in a suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  set up the template module which contains the filters template .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  configure the dnf base object in the gpg file .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  like base .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception for the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for the resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  runs a list of tuples and writes it to vult .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears a previously registered layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  returns a boolean value that has all unicode fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call before the first few exception was called .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  determine the given path against the given unicode string that represents the applications .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  prints out all assets key pairs of the given value .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search a string for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter the given list of randomly names to a pattern .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data as a gzip using the gzip content encoding .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  load the compiler tree from the compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test efficient points when they appear .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging for the program .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the pickle serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a string .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down the module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top level level of a subset of data from the subset of a subset of data .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key into a hash .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  returns a list of elements in the form of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  sets the logging status code to try to figure out the wrapped status .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes for the specified query .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns an xml tree .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return headers with the given response body .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  process the status data and return a file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  returns the path to the directory where the given path exists .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq event for a build event .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value in a human readable format into a human readable form .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the distance between the transformed and the left by the left .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return file in root of the current directory tree .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a returns a dictionary of the mapping[name] for each state of the given server .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns true if aggregate is a dictionary .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a path to a package .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine call .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that adds a test to the current user in the handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a socket to be a nopython instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  add a file to sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a copy of an option for use with the given scope .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the completion singleton can be loaded .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return an iterable of underride .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the tag from the tag at the given length .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes previous services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns an index object for the given target .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that dates are visible as visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  generate the dicts of the indicated id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  increments a deprecated tree for various types of the tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension extension for a module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  interpret a string as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save the editor to the database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute a single wsgi pillar for the given pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get the vpn status of a vpn service .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random chunk of the original length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  appends request to the response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file utf-8 source .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  sets a loop to compare the new loops according to the rules in the context .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  helper for quickly disabling a single string .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs pyflakes on the specified package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get detailed information about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  release the list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  returns a function that can be used as a foreign key for the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  check that an user has an permissions that a given user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes with the given key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check the file system xml .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  will not pending synloop routine .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  the sopform code of the code code for the source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function that instantiates a new semaphore .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if key exists in the system .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  patch all occurrences of the given docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the old connections for the facebook user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of directories within a virtualenv .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the shipping charge for the shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of length in the multivariate topic tree structure .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer of the form a credit pointer .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the users spearmans value for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical in a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  helper to find users in the current session to see if it has set .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return a generator which yields the count as a number and the file data in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generate a random word of length .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  compute shape of a column value .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete data as a list of variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  on job status logic .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses the soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure that the app is for the application .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprints checks if required .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove all keys from lst .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  return the harris points for harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a dict with all metadata of the metadata k .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get module version from url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally file and loop for specified file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a list of items into a list of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails publish code style to the equivalent interleaved .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a user .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  the given filename that can be read from the test file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are python interpreter to run stem .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the collection of data to render in the dashboard .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the insteon hub platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a view that returns the manager .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  decorator to restrict you into a decorator that is a function to become this decorator .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message to a show .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  converts an integer to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a single compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  normalize the string for the tokens in the expression tree .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  checking the input type of integrity .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the tree .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  return the root version as a dictionary .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle uncaught queries on a file .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  return a string of the luhn number for a four card .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  return true if s is a tuple .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  creates a storage object that will match the given px open the connecting to open the storage .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django format .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  make text horizontally .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt adds the specified dict param .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a articles .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show labeling labels from the specified triplets of the cluster .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a name in a python name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the imports in the when production mode .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a simple random object for the specified object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a chocolatey to the package .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  checks if list_identities is currently corresponding to the given volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an :class: .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  returns true if the python module is a python package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  used for comments .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render template access template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the state of the installer built by the state .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  returns a product of the elements in a list .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid identity key and either a tenant or username .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of a finder .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  determine if repo_directory is a repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a users keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a content-type to a range header string .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a dataset to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  replacement for rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays an existing widget on the dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove the unicode text from a name in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  this script uses different arguments than the standard parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function takes a string and returns either a bool version of the string or a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  cleans the test links .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  computes energy dyadic of a frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns the data error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion exclusion files with exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the user is registered in a context .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get skype without current timestamp .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends notification for the given hash .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like make_wrappable() but each word in a shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  add version of a repo or a repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert string to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of equal size (k) .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of updates from the training graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to return xml as xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model class .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  a signal to set a global value for a service .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  issue the use of data .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  create an array to be the same length as the larger than args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  return the may be used for api flag .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on this database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  return a list from a location in arg .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  return three integer tuple as content type .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test the initialisation of the tree key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  display a specific info of the library .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to initialize all data from all table statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  send a task scheduler for a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances on the module and version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds / mark a package into sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  a black way to compute the power of the form set .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python stdout for the beginning of the model .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  this check ensures that all of the ensuring flags are valid and also be validated .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack data to a usable set .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the packages that are installed in setuptools .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  helper to output a certain number of methods to handle helpful .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the data points .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  site site .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure the unicode messages works .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test 'rm-ffoo' .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a single command records from the given alias and returns a list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  return a cookie for one or more source files to another directory .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test that passing evaluation of platerecords and label it to the expected data .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the node and return the appropriate one that is not valid .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports the driver request to work about a test .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  fetch a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a list of *deployed* identifiers .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  function to truncate a exception to a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and install if rbenv is not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences of pairs .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given localization .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find the covariance matrix where each row is a in the big point off the each individual .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  block distance matrix notes this function takes a list of column pairs .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  the main function of the cube cube for the aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the jobs from the jobs they exist .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  create a factory for providing objects .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return an ordered list of user tuples .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message to a string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to print errors in a decided response as an iterable of .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for overriding .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id from the event cache .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  accessing an xml header to match the list of values .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns last unicode data for the given user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the given string to a file string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  transform list of number n x n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to the given repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate that the standard_broadcasting for lparen dependencies .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with the name plugin <sonarqube+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the escaped version of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  encode -> list turns the arguments into a list of positional .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  refresh the usage associated with a given resource and user .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the nearest variables that contains the inputs of the inputs .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  create new recording recording and start a proxy for the specified memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  add a flocker to the current registry .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  create a row in a list of row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine related image types for dict related to types .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear all database tables .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  loads the specified package from the package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  creates a draft with the current draft draft session .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively iterate the given recursively over the policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that the parameter passed in is a dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to fill an output variable with the given name .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg <query> -- gets information about any ows .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  helper function that instantiates a single brick for brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a process .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  blocklists a file descriptor .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create a default signal map for dictionary .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  add a predix on the given machine and then processes it .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  calculates the order of the order of x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode path name .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return the number of bytes of bytes needed to represent a v .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the named colors of the given mapping file .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations in an array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature where each pixel is the name of the supplied lists of the input individuals .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of records from the command specified in the command .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns the suitable for the given message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values for raw pending events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix to use .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the system_info sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  helper function to resolve an ip address name into the nameservers .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the given html from a url and try to extract the indicated number of characters .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure a user is absent on the system name the name of the state definition .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  load the kernal traces for a matplotlib filename .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  return a method object for the method named methods .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  due to migration .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test for polycollection cudnn using aes .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the list of all the manifest for the specified list of addons files .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse the corresponding error validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish collection data from bti files .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  sends a simple notification to one .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  a function variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate regression mutual .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a property or raise if it or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes in the system .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  parses string into a list of ip/cidr .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  helper to validate google credentials for credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  deprecated and related one of the server .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write a x509 certificate to a fif file .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and create a temporary file and setup it .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  return links that begin with a given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  maps data to a location by requests .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a bunch of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  returns a list of the metadata for the given data .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the notifications used by enforce() .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return an ordered list of tuples for the received tool shed to retrieve the received tool shed repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  call status of pending status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  return the right children in the vcenter .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a single column string into a list of dist_name extension .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the data from a socket file .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  waits for the application to run this manually .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a wcs from a list of images .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy the test data from media module to media test directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes a position and returns a python position object .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit commit .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary dir and returns a writeable dir descriptor to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  implementation of like loc<->coil_trans .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  convert a file from source to destination in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a client from a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign a service to the minion cli example: .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a date value for the given month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download a list of packages .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the value for the key specified as name argument .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of domains that are implemented on the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  update the browser worktree tree on the parent .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the global scope names to be set .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author if it is a automatically generated from and full user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use with autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link content to content in their main language so the url of the different subsites will be honored .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  returns the sum for the loglikelihood size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  alternative version of parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  decodes the special version stored on to the latest version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves entities entities in the memcache .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module mods to make the respective modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of choices for the script that are currently preferred script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and download mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a generator function to generate a batch of batch_size .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get naptr .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that singleton is not a valueerror .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates an instance of a model to store the path to the functional process .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts the given model fields to a single search class .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory to use with the given sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  decorator for turning code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project notification view and project view .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a file system path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a list of the elements in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  converts a function name into a geometry .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return llite stats for each llite directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return the line number of code in traceback .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: block execute a critical build parameter .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file and write it to a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  the mandatory cobbler module that runs syscall .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create a dns server note: this request is used to add a dns server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the import statement and return a list of paths .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that the formatting set on the config dictionary passed to the formatting of a class .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return a module for implementing grid .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  removes redundant object from f .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  this function is taken from a pydot graph and returns a pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this function shows the event for event happens .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  key for the items of an item in a template .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load modules from a module .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  extract all tasks and create a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  get the access token from an app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a standard string-derived string starting at position start .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  zfill sign .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace problematic column names and boolean values .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  unquoting function that does not have a url in the form .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  multiplies the elements along an axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a random integer value with states and states .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart network to remote server .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the time difference between two screen .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  create the argparse line .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of *all* agent to send the agent list .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns the current page that has been rendered on error .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  remove the config from the selected ip .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default localetuple object for the given localetuple encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a string to make a db api call .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find the paste_deploy .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an cpaste code is cpaste .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dump the modules to the unix blocks .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test column column names given in fill_values values or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  check to see if the url has a valid url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  change the duration of a select key to prevent os when executing an operation .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns the comment format as specified by the vim .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the process has swapping to be evaluated .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  the view that parses the apps configuration is the basic about it .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  inserts a nn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the file name in the form of: py .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  code taken from url .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the reconid for a complex matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host information for api .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper function to get the condition argument .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if all args are functional .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user for the given username or username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  turns a string into an ascii request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  create a temp file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compare two html tree at the bottom of the tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of the hmac-sha1 of the given secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  module function to make a driver with the given driver .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used to finish up the xsrf token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the pki_dir if a given string is valid .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function invoked the hotfix and cloudwatch back into the program .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  utility method for creating a single string .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the output of the locale for the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test sigmoid class calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate that a validator matches the regex match the value .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current version .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  runs binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  deserialize any data that can be inserted into a hash .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  if we can read a table with unnamed unnamed .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via http client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a formatting for the provided original_location .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of test module names from a given list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the shared dim along the specified dim along the image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  return an instance of the mappers that have been loaded .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object is a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if we want to init the specified frame .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes fit and least squares loss for standard normal distribution .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the python application to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if the current password matches the provided user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  wrapper for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  the {% csrf_token %} tag for a stylesheet .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for knapsack .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  makes settings to matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations from file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses an identifier source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filter names matching the given names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  this function checks to compute the variable shape of a variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return physical environment encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  tries to delete the local cache directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the checks status .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a simple .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert boolean image to boolean values .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds serial port spec for the virtual vm .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  check for transforms in :class:sslobject of given user which have been processed for .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the current user has permission to add a new attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  loads a vector of mnist .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in the specified repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  recursively load all client data from the log .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default querying type for a specific organism .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to build a rule rule for ssh extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event on the initial listener .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if the current user has the permission to modify a password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add point to the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode a response from dbkey or component .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  resolve a file or directory like outfile .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send an email for testing a containing the given wall headers .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns all the current known settings for the app .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an parsed repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a dyndns .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common common latest common snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  create a scatter scatter for the given object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from their qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured authenticated users / this minion cli example: .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of packages which are what they are present .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read a pin .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract the prepend number of virtual element of virtual devices .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  change view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  map a collection of field to a group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  converts a metadef_namespace_resource_type instance to a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test name of a suffix which can be used as a file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update an image in the local module for a single record .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  return a tuple of length over the given iterable .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  calculate the md5 checksum for a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  like the doctest-safe field in a session .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  get the latest shell by name .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 type & py3 .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  return the databases current migration version .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a test case for new container .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along a dict mapping arrays to their information .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterator and a list of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return true if the given error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  seq2 elements of sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse the target data and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  separate a vm on a virtualbox virtualbox by its name .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for py2exe logic .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an immmutable representation of the database .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  produce a string for the given iterable iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for n .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a flag to be used in a list of packages .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get list of supported items for a queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the base implementation of pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  add the status of the current process to the sid .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a string to be used as a whitespace .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  takes a wsgiapp .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  verify that the absolute path is a root directory and is a final root .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  attempt to convert a maximum value to an array of text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a generator for the objects of an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to !!omap .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  transform the arguments passed to a stack .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the background process and get its exit .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the currently used by this application .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the sid for a given service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  control the path should be used for saving to process the process .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator for a class that runs the highlight as a test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url allows simple url to 'clear test suite .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  print the summary line of the build .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  use this only for a tensor from a slice into a slice .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of your indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all the projects that occur by user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a domain mapping from sys .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for wrapping subtest geodjango .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  break the given environment and root into the global root .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get the best match between the vectors a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> str attempt to add a file to disk .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compiles a client from a compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to the currently-logged-in users .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  create pull commit objects .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce an array of the entire axes .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  add a query to the resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse the value of the key=value header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to mimic the absolute log along the given axis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the fast coefficient for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  renders a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a single socket until the receive parameter is done .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  return true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of each feature in x .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or string in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return the unicode string describing the behavior of the wrapped content .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the first descriptor for the first dimension of the eat .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  utility function to convert a string to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  differentiate and support for certain amount of a readable integer as rows .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the time difference in versions of seconds to duration .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes request headers based on the request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test that the basic resample function tests the resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major minor version from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course foreign_keys and selected state .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill option with a none filled serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get the task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert real to complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the given path is a symlink on the current operating or false .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two numbers are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred and adds it to the given deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  clear the signature of a path .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete an aggregate .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  the most recent version of a random pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the win32 modules .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  recursively resolve the identifers tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with the authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  returns true if the python list is supported by the installed python .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files into python source code .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the specified vm .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell or hh:mm:ss .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of a mime-type expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  recursively traverse a file in the directory and all zip files in a directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  impact and execute proxy for all programs .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the elements registered in the form corresponding to the form .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the string of english article for the word after the specified word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the user header string .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load from a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a given name is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  mute an exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  adds the context object to the global ui for the current session so we can use the session .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml root .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  install a hook into the hg directory .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  ensures the given activities to the given exploration .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a service that spawns a specified service on the cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  install a setuptools setuptools version .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  django integer to make the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix with lu decomposition .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  like most_popular_groups .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event data to pg server requires that configuration files to use .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  decorator for methods that need to be referenced as the specified key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a list into a list .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line without the first occurence of the lines in the start of the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add all brew brew specific to the list of tellstick brew .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor by id .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  when utfbytes is utf-8 or plain ascii .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get - return response vcode .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  format logger using a newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  translate number of lanczos n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a utc time string to iso format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  check the outputs of the named vm cli example: .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  print a comma separated file .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build as a bias .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether two independent matrix give the ndarray matrix from a numpy array .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts a path name to a dotted module name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield step matches the step flag for a step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  create a commandlineinterface as a file using the search algorithm .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder drill hole to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  gets a namedtuple of lines in a namedtuple i18n .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries the query based on the given query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  store the package_dirpath result to package_dirpath .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and keyword arguments from merged .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify the given format using the given docstrings .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get datastore class from the datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a greenthreads .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator which provides the groups of a "group" in a mercurial object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  the line number of values in an ndarray .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture to call the lock before accessing a test .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  create a original object that can fire a com object in a com dispatch .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid and can be used as a certificate to verify that they have been registered .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  this function calls the feature in and for option .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the most appropriate users with the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in the case of a file is not an exception .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of cron to be committed to a users incrontab and writes it to the users file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  skip test if a function is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over files in the given paths and all its submodules .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  sets the platform to use for both key and singletons .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a qtransform string for the shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function to convert a long to the destination data .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs the last beets file with the contents of the application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a file using fromfile .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a dict of violations from given folder of violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  converts a string to a file .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get the buffering for the current thread as a tuple .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable or element and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  broadcast the bitmap image from a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a generator that yields folds .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  gpu worker(s) .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a declarative plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  return an items or list of objects describing the mysql database cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a page from the application specified on the view level .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalizes the given text using markdown .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to the database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a tuple harmonic version of the current site .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions for cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  assert that mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse and return documentation fields from the given user .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a user info to an existing exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the content from a plaintext file .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope of xs as a list of variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the jupyter notebook script to display the specified notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  gets the class corresponding to the given user .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return a pyherion code to use with the scope code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules to make it custom .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is called every time it is created .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect the specified container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  produce a new string for the given string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a client for the given client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit content from a tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two strings and return those layers .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  page rendered by using the internationalization operator .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute string from the given xml element .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  equivalent to the url path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the list of all rate limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  rgb to an array of matrices 1 .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  check if the specified kernel has local on the system .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  wraps up a remount or raise pdfstreamerror if not within fstab .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  close and returns true if x is true .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify that overriding can be imported .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a file this function .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  ping a gpus for a given device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  finds internal sensor types in the current process .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  close dumper and options with the status of first iteration .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a callback for handlers .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  check to see if the given object is disabled or not .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query to a file .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove the specified prerequisite content usage key from the db for the given content usage .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  internal method used to validate the encoding .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extracts an exception messages from a string .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  a column that returns a list of column strings .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  render the add-on page .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process and group of the default group id .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image with each channel smoothed by the ground ground .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  adds queries to delete queries via celery queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has force .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  combine zero benchmark: intervals for hug times .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for each app that has unique namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the else elements from the else list .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename the given source to a destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  simple function to find the version file in the given version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  called if the request alarm url matches the request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a fixed column for empty field fo with no column .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with greatest server 2005 * url * url * mysql 4 .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  checks that ica channels are valid .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  attempts to parse a python symbol and extract its python symbol from a string .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  used for the named location from the vms .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  serialization wrapper around sys .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  returns a list of hexadecimal characters in the range represented by the current int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  maps the set of requests in the structure to the new alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  checks for the existence of a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the current thread .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  helper function for randomly sample matrices .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if namespace is not a registered version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove all files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the status to the database .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a snapshots metadata for the given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the locale for the render() method .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the clustermanager .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate a html snippet for showing the given module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  start time from a given date to a pareto ones .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  6 6 errors generated by the dictionary-to-object-translation view function and marking their error code .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which obtains a raw stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  use the compiler module to create the default compiler for an object .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template translation for the given request .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns a list of regions from a country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  initialize the module .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security groups in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a given aggregate .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find users by search results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  return a random id with random number in length .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a beets query string and return a base64 encoded query .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a list of exploration models with the given exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for permission cases in a permission order .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse cookies and turns to response content .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  try to determine the layouts layouts layouts layouts .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  find an http password from the environment or environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the horizontal functions .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the os error message .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership courses .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  test acknowledge helper for example: .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the matrix from every element of a beta .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode text from the path on a filesystem .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the given storage exists in an amazon object .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look up a wsdl with wsdl namespace and wsdl name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert str or unicode to str .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a dictionary of characters in a given request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  find a search property that is associated with a list of host_names .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of cls as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  get the amount of cpu used so far for the request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  parameter: string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate the old style file at staging in the staging database .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the templates/project0/ language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a thread _os_identity_api_version describing a given thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the analysis response to a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the incoming function with the same results as the string or beautifulsoup from the config .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the ang state for the normal distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask for a user to create an install_openblas based on the user and 3 .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  no nans with regions of a random sampling .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses tag namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url is a valid url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a check is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  the import import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  used to parse markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a layer into a string .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  render a template from the context and optional extra context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the average average average in a step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  add the bokeh hash of the given cache file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a media permissions on a media user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  return a testsuite loaded by removing all tests in the given pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list lists lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all information in a 'total file .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two parsed times using vulnerable position .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to grab info .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the first argument for saving or resource parser url .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  update an entry of a compute .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all probs1 of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if a line is visible in the frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of file extensions extensions that are fontconfig but for file extensions .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  function needed for swift headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to inform user .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  view function to force registration data to new registration backend .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper for a single call to send a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  this is a wrapper around the call to become active and the prime state .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components that represent the path components as part of the path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex matching the regular expression to a regex or a flag .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  order object await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  unshares a list of members in a knots .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap from a tuple .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a disk to a docker state container container id timeout stop cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  given an entity .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  creaters symbol for a frame data to be a new sample .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a direct list of a container container name : the best client number of attached to the container socket .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns the name of the month for the current thread .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  fetch the line number in look up to the pb2 line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  the main function to count the number of words that are delivered in the given value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  helper function that renders a test html .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  the user is the result of the cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  return website information for a website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves the xxdot xxdot functions for the given module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the main loop of the given sr_ref .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the deb object is returned by the given package case .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  test the current year .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  decorator to register a modifier modifier symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check if a node is matching matcher .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if xml_obj is in the correct timeline .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply a palette as an image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string of "b" characters in length .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse the extra information in a sff file .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add the value of a type to the type specified by the type of a type rather than the type object itself .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the dot product between x - 1 and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  loads tasks from environment variables and imports .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add certificate private certificate to site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  encodes data to unicode .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge 2 dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host and a scheme .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  perform a elide string on a python int .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that requirements requirements can be converted to a package .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates db type db object in the db given trigger_type .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  the http response that takes the response headers and returns the normalized response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get prosite data from raw aggregated aggregated .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  computes minimum dump .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  the filename in contenttype .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for a key .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  helper function to get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting behavior of the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  runs the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  helper function to generate minimum clients clients according to the minimum clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a database under the current database version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return list of all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a template into a dictionary for the given descriptors .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  make a case group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the name of the deployment deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the template attribute of the current template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the url of the words that has a valid url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  windowserror windowserror and options for test_ssltype_ssl .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy a new user to build .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a test case which applies to each ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  hashes data storage backend .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the repository output to a file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  function for the given partial functions and upgrade data into the destination .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the jupyter info for the given version of the given dict .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make a pecl from the minion .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  verify that args and horizontal are the same .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  returns the info of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan and produces a value which is not a tty .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all sources entries in each test suite .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  checks if the backend is not attempting to use the test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  test to ensure that hugs cut_off type works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get a matplotlib matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that atomically updates the test file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image file from a file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return file tree content from a tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  convenience function for creating a context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  given an options object .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load a remote branch from a file system .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table used to get an item from doc via its xpath .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function that initializes stdscr .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of tuples of the string: in a filename .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  install a new site for translation_project .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes a zmq keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return the object_id for the object the given object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plot the time summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate the data parameter is the same as the parameter axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the unicode number of the given strings between the strings s1 .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  min-max sum of the distance matrix x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  check whether the performs between the two sets of a resource is inside the parent directory and the value which can be between the two sets .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates a given value to a file or proper field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a list of directories to be used to error log in the test error .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  check if a filename is a directory .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the given item for the given usage key and remove any final tabs .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract the title from the response .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for debugging .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  helper for quickly upload .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split a numpy expression into its component parts and right .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as not datetime .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if the fetch is valid .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a single date on the given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression : expression_opt .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a tenant list available for the tenant cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculate the root mean gradient for each shared variable .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate statistic to refs in the current footer environment .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and little-endian values are represented by the repeatedly .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get an os x-specific 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column (len(x) .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the hex of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example given the path and the optional example process .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  how many times does a theano integer returns: y: | .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  helper function to choose name for currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call a function and kwargs from a dict of keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  get a single combined of a tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  obtain in previously saved objects from a file determine if it exists .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  use in the appropriate plugin name to check that a plugin is found .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module of the kernel module to see if the ast module is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more snapshots of the snapshots volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  window for window of the icondata of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  translate block lists into a block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create a user list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and return the sql statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  computes the nloglike nloglike function for x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  make sure the path is a portname .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  obfuscate any lists of strings to take precedence .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single season or list of folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  parses descriptions from pattern and share_new uploads .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a cname .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to all corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for organization .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract data from a model instance .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  splits all @override methods to a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the document for the current session .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a encoder/decoder for the duration of a specific registry .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe if the given permission is set for the given doctype .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set and retrieve the most recent values .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the user info cookie for the cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns an iterable of all top-level videos for the given course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current pyos_inputhook .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  create a compiler object from a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  squared-exponential a tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  the univariate coefficient modulo o .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the harmonic mean along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a string using an mydict variable .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the content as a dict from the given value .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts an http auth list from each item of the form .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the current thread .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  returns the ith naming string with respect to the dot product of a dot .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two bivariate configuration .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start and run a process with a pg8000 server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a list of tuples for an audio request .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  make a mapping from f with underscores .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing data that function to person the next function -- the location of a function call .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the state of the lamp .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the op .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  displays the most similar changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number or a precision to the value .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a cached wsgi application .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add to preselected project .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  verify that two arrays are within some microseconds .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string matches the pattern pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download an combination of data from a url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the standard directory to use for the report .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  load all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  fixture that provides a blob of cloud storage .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a task queue to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  returns all admitting of the same square distance between a and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a pandas object for a config .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an argument limit for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  return true if a name matches the given globs in a tuple .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  check the api key to see if the api has a good pair .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get the resolver for the resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  tests the single bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the vary header of the response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  sign a dataframe with a params .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the model when a previous python module is called .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  writes the callback to the xml hiearchy .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  adds a hook for use with debugging .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an image .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation rho .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  mean squared mean of evaluation of specified expression .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  returns a single cohort for a course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dict mapping unique values to their new pattern in the list provided by the feature .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  return a list of all default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket is supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  get a valid master for haproxy specify the master and confirm collect all of haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  registers a flag as key for the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  basic indexing .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift version .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate beautifulsoup list for each page listed in config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes id in bad html .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  wrap an aws connection from the tracker .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  like password hash .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to its native timestamp .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  excluding wants the output links .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculate the t] from a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  produce an iterator that summary of the provided mode by either iterator or the supplied mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  gets a free disk pointer from a given system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing an outer-product -> transliterate .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the ae .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge 2 .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run a command line interface .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper for spectrum from subjects to scale .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  compress the given user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a boolean of the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the object value from a file .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  adjust the use of the hashable class to restore original methods of a hashable .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach each object of the json column representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the context of the current page context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information from flavor into a flavor .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  t or function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  helper for base16 .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad the given string to a number of: per length .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  consistently the exceptions for the last element .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the configuration .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  helper function: returns number of packet in the database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature set .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get the list of for an auth request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  set matrices of each row in the matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length for hists plots .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test that batchnormalizedmlp works with appropriate input data and make sure that layer are not nested correctly .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  apply an stdin stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list of message tuples .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require the root user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a service that will create partial functions that generate commands for init .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  returns a pending computer name .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a simple structure function for structure and text/html output .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  properly decodes the given text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict containing two paths in the given volume over an order .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning an editable using pip install and presence of packages .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a spans from a list of spans .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parse dates in the returned date format and return a utc datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of head node types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  returns a list of the minimum polynomials of degree factors .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read an alignment sequence of integers and turns it into an integer .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for validating flocker service .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  the signal-to-noise integer k such that the theano shared variable is the index of the input data .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a dictionary of lists .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend path separater and whitespace .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to the required redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values for the ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the given sgemv needs to be considered sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled mag - returns the value of the supplied mag string .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restore one unit logging by the logging module and then a previous logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  create a projection from a group .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask the user to menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  merges two numbers as returned by a common but decodes the known to the filter .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the structure to get the text for a particular profile access .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  test if several column can be skipped .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject files into the given directory structure using the main function .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set process command line argument commands .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute watching directly directly on a query and/or watch objects for a query .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test the built-in exception when an exception is raised .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  this function makes sure that all the unamteched are present in the input map to a list of tuples .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure that the pricing module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training events controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string into a list of bytes .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission of a postfix submission .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout for polycollection using labelsize .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container to its previous after a sigint work .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  pair a funct .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all groups in the deployment nodes to a node .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle click on a channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function creates the cookies from the auth editing a unicode one .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return the string for a signed plot in the given pad .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  make a string from a blaze expression defining a string defining a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  clear any cached cache that was loaded by the minion .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  get a list of two-tuples .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  helper function for apply to a function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return disk path for given block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of the function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and b for numeric and b .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as a decorator .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  formats the mathjax article for a article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  determine a number of events to provide the preferred time in the past .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  extend this document in the dashboard model .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a generator for a sequence of tuples .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  capture the given event by sending it to the register options .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  force the current dir to the next request .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the effective group and group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string argument to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all state within the minion .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  remove unnecessary template from the current environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the course position for the current course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  return a list of all karma objects a particular user .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a helper function for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if a newer version is available for some technical if override is conventions to update ports in the workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a os x tk tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  return the signed ca certificates for the certificate to the certificate in the correct order .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a string from a dict .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator which accepts all elements of k numbers .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test the kwarg representation of a feature .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a review request for a fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  returns the project description .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  load all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the options and return the appropriate options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  recursively translate attributes to the new value .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a s3 key from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask the user to select an incident question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer as a nonnegative integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a timezone aware datetime object and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert box to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a correctly formatted time series for the little type .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  returns a weak weak from the given args string .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  this function checks if a dbref dbref the number of dbref or string value of reqhash the given number of dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  cast gpu functions .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  this module importer that defines the zone/record sanity to ascii the python module that it was supported into the registry registry .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  global function for the signal that can be used to track the accumulated vector values .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate between other statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator for marking a function or method return a decorator that gets used in a callable .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the list of available gce operations for this distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger site event with background events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  require an example .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  convert bytes in bytes to a formatted format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy gateway with the executed delay .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency for include_self .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for page page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an latest key* changeset revision for the received repository metadata represented as installable repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly decodes a single string from universal .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  verifies that the command line contains the given pass .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  converts a string from a file object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column names for estimation computations .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  return zero or details .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  helper function to grab one response for a given openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes groups as action .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string of unicode strings .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string of the gae rpm string that can be defined in rpm .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function to mark a function as threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  test the in-process downloadable .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  given a actstream_settings[manager] and a port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  get access token for the specified account .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select the paths from the same paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command on the remote host .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  keystone client for creating a client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  create a continuous basis for the given basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  return true if the ipv4 address is a valid ip .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the tool is a isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest flags option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  this decorator is designed to be used in modelviewsets methods to mark functions as the cart argument passed in .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  perform a sort of video subtitles from a subtitle and return a tuple .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  registers a joined of the results which takes a node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load two linear operators .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in a queue queue : the queue to pop .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates and returns a collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate a function and a valid arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing current package with local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function for creating the gpg databases for a given gpg or list of objects .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  example:: the most recent configuration for .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return an annotated object to the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  return the potential energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert all keys that wasnt in dictionary .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  helper function to return a single http bban celsius .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  allows you to add some items to the data .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  register an entry from a named named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a batch of tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  class decorator to pmap a pmap class classes .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  temporally the configuration parameter ensuring that should be valid .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  restore all the sources database cli example: .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if the specified vm exists cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  authenticate against a challenging key and returns a dictionary of data values for the algorithms values .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the list of errors to which the context belongs to .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  return a unique temporary file name that is a .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return a boolean to indicate the availability of a port gpu .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the clipboard data in the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check a list from a slug .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  df_modelwc -> str generator return a list of the corresponding reverse corresponding to the wikipedia of the corresponding reverse of the reverse of each type .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project object based on its project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  callback for change of *num* .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merges a collection of bokeh into a single hash for a given hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  construct the logarithm of a polygon .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  delivers -> integer convert the values of an object to a byte string .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes a increasing passed file from the decreasing api .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the mysql version cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set the android window for the media player .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  shows all events to the user to edit the destination of a given request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse an http xblock string into a fixed language .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the filter in reverse multiprocess .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  info info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  this function parses the version string as a tuple of strings .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance problems to their proper problems .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  test for solving of the class .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  returns the provider methods from the given field instance .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the sparse variable of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  expression is expression if the string is a binary string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute the harris response image for a given number of given eps .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a list of attribute tags from the given qualname class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  make the specified query for the response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  find a python module in the given locustfile .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test for reproducible player .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  check if the specified ip address is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host entry to the hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file to fs .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform a stream record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  runs an dry email on the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  return the full path to the new command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load scores for wiggle dataset .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  gives the arguments for two functions .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of four images .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check use library to make sure use the optional version is installed .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  takes 3 byte string and returns the result .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  helper function for selecting the score and potentially for a user identified by a given identifier usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a fixture to enable a locked topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions for paths in the given directory .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  return a document version of the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate specified volume specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  returns the name of a function which can be imported .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  determine data type for a python type .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url so we can safely be used to properly properly without the spanning exceptions that it knows over the file or beautifulsoup .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven wrapper for the job .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate response controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores an existing plugin configuration from the current renewalparams configs .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  expression through a .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return str in unicode representation of a python string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test polar without polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that x is equivalent to the python code .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  helper function to test if a string represents an instance of non objects .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  statement_list : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify zfs zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  draw the boxcox density function .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  simulates the numa fit for the instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  test if we can load samples while creating a folder with -m .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  bucket the output file that actually verifies the given output status .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that the host mapping file has been modified .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to find an integer where the system is the value of the specified language then the user has an integer value .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements given a == b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a helper method that doesnt exist at the end of the url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a tree is properly tagged the tree .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  for testing .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the internal knn distance between the internal coordinate function .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  computes the radial pmf of a continuous matrix n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores a long from a table iterator when called from the table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of font files found in the system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts an xml element from a dict of boto3 into a list of tellstick .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the process .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  calls the api .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the list is a single instance .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the partial text with the text in the elide elide .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  used to unpickle options from the os .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure typical usage works correctly .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  fetch the revision revision for a git repository .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a hierarchical form of the current list .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for methods which are not implemented in the input argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a summary of both dump to update update of a model level is visible in the layers of the form: children of a list of layer 2 params is
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  generates all the horner of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get current config returns: ident or ident device .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains the given n content .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes edges from graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  a stata exponential .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a ring ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for useragent .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  performs a filter on a resource mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  split a leaf into smaller strings form required to split required expressions in devappserver2 .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  remove user from the provided request and log it .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  this function will hard override the timeout to override a timeout for the timeout server override the server override the timeout to override the timeout for .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the item products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  return true if the given service is enabled for the review backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  helper to load the yum module from the local files in the minion .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to find tool type based on the expression in json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize the given tag .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find a file from sys .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all the empty tree files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl complexes list to be a single acl string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources for the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a structure which has the remote lines in the given name .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  scale each sid .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm send rvm env for rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface between the rd and the following: .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application in the pony .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  uninstalls and set a tests on a vm immediately cli example: .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for the mailchimp list to obtain its iterators data .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if a given file path is a valid file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates an item group by a backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start a locale for the specified user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  the i3 .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a course copy of the invoice for the course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save the multivaluedicts backend for the config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  convert a row into an array of column tuples .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for classes and module types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  convert a scalar scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  true if the toc is locally and on the given toc .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  process the status of a process .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  disconnects thread stacks using trial threads .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  convert an uri to a valid uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate nodes in a component component format .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and directories in the given set of filenames .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  turns a class into a list of members .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler function for subtle the given target .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the earths power of the current documentlistaclfeed list .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  migrates the internal logger to be automatically supported using the logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add email for the given queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of an interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove all those internal references from a release .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  calculates the maximum likelihood along the specified axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used to wrap methods used as argument to wrap a function used for retrying .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns a turan r-ary graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with encoding and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials for swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  format a pool on the f5 load balancer cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers and ensuring that they are available .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  check if a link is any of the given marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  tokenize a description string .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  the pprint for classes .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get the total number of nearby used to serve the total one .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with specified labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  function to trade trade params .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running on the system .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi by adding a vdi to a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  raise a accesserror error message and raise a status code .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  helper function for the characters in alphabetical order .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to wait for a request to use by the box .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a resource class .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  runs the command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  passed one parameter passed to some eia integers .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  when the object is created .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression where the position of position position in a regression .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test cookiecutter() with cookiecutter() in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  return the path for the current operating of the relative pth the name of the file .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the given view .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods which alter a message skipper .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the list of all courseware ids for the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a string to raw lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return platform-specific services that can be used for the system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory the provided directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on the host cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get an understandable line from the template line .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns true if vars have running under any environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper to update the dipole variable in a dimension .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a list of hosts pairs into components .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its results .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  from list of seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to the links .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save images to an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a random asset key for the current course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest tag of the latest release tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  removes the given logrotate script for the specified app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command and reverse it .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the query returns a list of tuples .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return a set of plugin instances .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac module .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert the fontsize size to fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  set a extra decorator for the decorated application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated statuses: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the selected tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the contents of the string from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check whether the node is higher this function .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  remove an action to be executed when a views .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method property <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the operating system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for a visual object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator that yields the contents of a number generator .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the security group in the grains .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create eeg average for the duration of the ee .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  executes a polygon in the desired polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine what filenames are passed to all the systems .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given report as any of the given report key .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  sets the state of the given state by state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  marks a given html as raw protocol .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  parses an api query string from the given date .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a dict with git_deploy:appname data for the given addon .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a list of hypergeometric elements .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the dns entry for a dns so that it can be added to the specified dns .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  infer the value of the specified layout args: layout : layout of the specified version of observations returns: out: : layout .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop additional options for the pcs property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile additional options for
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  queues an email .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that can be called after a method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the size as a file path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  helper function to get an elb policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  return a host object for the host id or host .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  look up the opts for the pillar with pillar data .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  the original solution for origin to the origin header .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the list of candidates to use .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a upgrade version that has already been imported .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert dotted path to its canonical form .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  the pack code is similar to be scripts .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  print a list of available commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  return true if text is a host domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  this is the main purpose file path to octal octal files .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate an xml sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the attribute of a class that has the named value .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the redirect to the device .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the pgraster .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the regular expression property or regular expression sorted by indicated property .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all json zones in json channel into a json json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  just like keyword .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  execute all the modules in the given module .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  use the api to take a list of lists as a list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse type .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  fetch only a list of targets that have been executed but cant be stored in other or none .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a token to be removed for a source .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  takes a list of file strings and a list of the tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  checks whether the user has wiki for the course specified for the course wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  test if specified native path is a file .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository if its includes_tools attribute is true .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the content of an html5lib tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get migration devices of instance and instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  returns true if the graphs g1 until the specified cache number .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  returns true if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator for use in a scope .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a version of a xml xml tag that can be found .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit model by label or from a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the quantize of a class .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of tiles from xtin .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compare two dataseries of two points .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the network status of the vcenter server .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  the value in a datetime .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks whether a function is valid for the given args .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create api key see if stage is enabled for a given stage name and returns {created: false} if the stage was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are currently selected for a task .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any alternative types to sql execution .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  helper to get the message from the user to the structure .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  make sure the invalid module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id info to postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns element in which predicate is found .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if data is a query rl for a given technique .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse command line and xblock string for a :class:datetime .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  receive a function into a space-separated object .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover for muting events .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  create a new backup cipher .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides whether the graph g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decode enumerable from sequence of bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install the cabal package .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  function to convert a test instance to a dictionary .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of / parent models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return a suitable task for the input as deprecated .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the given dataset .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that imageidfield works on windows image .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  converts the topology was inside a topology and unsupported .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and format the coordination birthday birthday birthday string .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  the first element of the input .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  turn a rule into a tree .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  boolean boolean boolean value find the vo registry if the name of the vname .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  try/except the draft and create a draft item .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  checks if the current user is the same as the current request .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  build 'refresh' and install a list of file that gives cmd .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query for the current search term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  return the string .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the course info .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  view function to file and write a des word to a file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input array to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  updates a property name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the default registry that a given user from the current registry .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  forces header to be converted to a compiled set .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  disable an affine transformation .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the noop line number in the line number of the line number for this module .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to temporarily store the zip of the executable in the given file to the temporary shell directory .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity from a compute compute the compute connectivity .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a list of tests in python .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  determine if a given value exists in the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean distance between the vectors u and v .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a file name .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  returns the indices of the elements contained in the list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  gets the requested credentials from the environment .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix to translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the info from the selected photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate an instance of the appropriate descriptor for a descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two sample matrices .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  internal interface to the authentication feature .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the name is actually a valid comment name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send pull from email on email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if the predicate matches a affinity basis .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a machine on b .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wildcards the set of 2 .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates all the bits of a normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an accesserror if the type is not a valid string .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a device is a device memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the plot status .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return memory usage of memory memory .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? to one of its own types .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by compute node name .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  modify a dict .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  generate the callbacks of an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return values as offsets if the same values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize the application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  get the url for a pull request .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates an admin model .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all short groups for the short group of a group .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  replace plain-text .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return which user is an open servers .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  matches against initial host string .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture that provides a headerchecker class for tests to serve tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  notify a notification for the given recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  returns a list of all child strings in the given list of: .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the docstring of an existing openid module with a new one .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random k-out format with @m and @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate the ssl certificate to the ssl config file .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  the main view that displays the settings for their apps .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by taking each row to the last axis .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write a list of committed data to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return the calendar as a calendar based on the configuration .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert an input filename to a example buffer .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  approximate partition function to be passed to a sequence .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merge errors in two dictionaries .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix using a score matrix this is a wrapper .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind the row and "x-object-id" methods to the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the expression of the first expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the data from a binary file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  the min score is validation to be within the range .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  gets lower mean of data for amplitudes .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  the sigmoid activation function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for getting info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper for spellchecker .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert elements of a base to an integer .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  returns the torrent seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a list of items to a list of their items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() server .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  handle a page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager which changes the actual profile to a python object .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short short version of a kernel name .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a filesystem instance for an already partition .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  enable auth for optionparser to use as teardown() .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge the extra data from each list in the list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check the arguments after the release arguments are deprecated .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover the test suite of any of the given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorated unless the test method is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the comment header of the given header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the process with a make sure the test fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  return a signal with a tree .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two entity and return their highest values .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line and return a options object .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add only ssh keys to the public key for the user .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias a resource from the resource fork of the resource .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  display data for the corresponding dashboard page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a python file from the given path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  mimic course_updates .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  verifies that the command attribute with a file with this filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a base directory for the pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return unicode id from string if it is an unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test 81 values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  test returns returns returns returns returns returns returns returns an choose returns the port number of returns true if the port is returns false .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  set a key/value pairs for the locale to store currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure the named signal is absent name the name of the service to remove user to the user to connect as absent signal from the host the user to the
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  compute the product of input data .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  gets the file contents of the specified file-like object .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  view for the /api/ users password page .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  mark a function as unsafe:: .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  get the file name of the python file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  helper function to serialize certificate from an elgamal certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message about some advanced .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  calculates the freedman for a given number of circular value .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a rdbms class .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a dictionary of values from a key/value dictionary .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  helper function to extract the first depth into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an input filename from a header in a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of dictionaries .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  runs the the the main method .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is greater than a version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert an object c{obj} to a constant y value .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  wrapper around vm_stat .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  revert polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the directory of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  read the given exploration id to avoid cookie(s) shifts for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests the __clrtype__ function using the metaclass passed in .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for methods which are delegated to be used in the class .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the most recent answer .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the catalog config dict .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  like open .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster is a regression covariance matrix for one sample parameters results : result of the optimizer .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return the string for the pattern matches the regular expression .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller for hr <> .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  raises an exception .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of the meaning meaning in a user that can be saved .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist -- search spotify for <song> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk the vdi chain and chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  turn a property into an iterable .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  update the update to push an update to push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg egg from a generated archive .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given user and permission to .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  get the stored hostname .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  check to see if a document has the search topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  list available details cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  check for file existence in the python dir .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single key .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  returns true if a and b are equal .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  returns a invert for an array with its declaration .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  test that a non-existing index file with expand_dir for the module .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles of the given group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  convert a user identifier .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as bits {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be used for an ospf interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  enable the tag_model of a violin plot .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a list of tuples .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to the plot that is the same directory as the full script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in the notebook script to the notebook notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics over mercurial statistics .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  the error code is returned by the last argument of a function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  completion release to gallery .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the path name .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset on the provided resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  convenience function for recreates indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the request has writing permissions on the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  create a list from a numpy object l .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes for mixin mixin .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  check if a string is a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for handling the decorated function .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  removes the high returns the given number of votes .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  count the dictionary of values of d .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  this view is for showing an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python implementation based on python 3 and eclipse .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all instances of this logger .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  send controller for request param id and multiple parameters .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant name to the vagrant vagrant .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when the resume has all left after the left .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of tokens to a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns the spacing matrix for the given row and internal matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  makes sure that methods are in twice .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  helper function for relational_expression .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if the given url is a valid html header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns a comma-separated column name from a comma-separated column .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip test if not unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip fiducials between two or more cumulative .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in user .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  returns true if s is a trace term term .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return version from cmd version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  commits a transaction manager and resets the current transaction to a file .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get group type access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize cumulative image from operations to the rules .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  wrapper for the connection with the pagerduty .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes value from plain to utf-8 compress .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a very-likely-unique digest for the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create the pid of the process instance .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is a logical volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  breadcrumb counts for linking counts .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates the number of bits rather than the current settings .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return the last top data for a specified month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a nested tuple of length from an element tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function to generate the main arguments and security group .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that some sequence are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  when python is called .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a disk disk to destination .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  temporary stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all instance of all networks .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  indicates the list of variables used by the latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for the given location .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  hashes the given url according to the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  get all build records for a given instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks whether a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  cdt of the frame w3af_profiling used for the macros .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from a string and turns it into a timestamp .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional conv model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  return a list of running tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  calculates up a collection of rows .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  helper to output a certain number of methods to handle helpful .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a dict with an _lambdify informations instead of type .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  tweak a specific input to a thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple tasks that replies to a message .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the encrypt checksum .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create a file descriptor for name .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if namedtuples is confirmed .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  turn the recommendation tree into a dictionary with kinds as keys .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds database to the context .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an instance of a feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict describing all the *nspfxs objects for the current request .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  generates the url module to reach the configured javascript isnt supported .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by day .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is placeholders for given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict into a dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to pass it to tk to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  lowers case .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on sender .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  a view to send an email to the email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  verify that passing ok functions can be loaded on valid 2 .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value in a positive float or 0 if the value is valid .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  raise a warning header that contains the orthogonal microversion header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  constructs a intersection of items:: using a source distribution .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by resource_id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  the quantityinfo - a numpy representation of a ['col .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  the main view that returns a dict with the specified handler of what pixels .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a create a django app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find if the names of a given field .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  returns a tuple of length if it exists in an entity .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test the current shape for package .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that provides a blob with a encryption .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  store a analysis on a remote server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see whether the file already exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the file to a folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  the args for the client .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print the logarithmic code of a python code .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpus in the cpu group .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts list of cron to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add point to the loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the tails from one end of the tails distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  return the line without the decorated method .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for methods that are assigned to the methods of the command line .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  forces the user to the redirect to the request .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  use url_for instead of objects that the specified app .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  build a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy a file from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  discover the public info off and return a list of blacklisted info .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename is a dir containing an empty base .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  updates the state of the record in the specified zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 timestamp and returns a tuple representing the form .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return a cloud about the current process .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a signature created with the supplied pubkey .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  generates an integer constant for x parameters x : float value of the points in x : series or group labels .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with an unexpected error message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best parameter value of the given docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  returns true if string can be serialized as a string .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a transformation matrix to the corresponding rgb matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  render twitter access token using twitter access token and secret .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert a date into a datetime for datastore storage .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  returns true if the named user is adduser .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compute the requested vhds and return the new vdis reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use :module:twittercorpusreader corpus for :1: words .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  renders the url for a list of two-tuples page filters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if the zenoss execution module is available .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  raises still those and deleted access to the repository :arg nested tag correctly .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  get a class name for a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for final test example .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str extract the lines from a string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  turn a line of tokens from a dict of middleware params into a list of dicts: .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a server using async .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get none for updater tasks .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if path starts with its prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter mcmc .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  open the config editor to make sure the master editor was valid .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  calculates a certificates pointer from a certificate .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix from the key every column of the key .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach watching user ids and each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a dictionary of all the metasources e .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  display a suitable expression if it can be a condition is a string .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  generate the redirections .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this test will serialize string to the operation: .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the command .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create a stonith via pcs command stonith the stonith extra_args additional options for the stonith identity bridge for creating the cib mode of the live identity live cib cli example:
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plot results from src .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder and train it on the dummy dataset-- on the current machine .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces with a row in it doesnt yet be ignored .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  check to see if the event is in the events .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  returns true if the current request is debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  checks if user is access to this descriptor for some descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  fail the number of mail objects are not implemented .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  return a list of tuples and kwargs from the given type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check for the cci data and raises an instance .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  raise an instance of roles with the given module .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep its otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load a csv file into a dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate the project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  tests for missing version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of dist_name installed via python .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  this test is not a dkl2rgb way to ensure that reports correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  f: o of a series inversion 1/p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the sr specified by sr_ref .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  request power state change to the default remote backend = default * network device on reboot .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  returns the bracket bracket that is a list of values .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  the text representation of the next tag that evaluates the next infinity .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  yields the base directory to download imp .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  this function is used to get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  except the set of tokens for the source token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily delete an object from a given value then without the social api .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for dimensiondata configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  print a list of tasks for the given command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs hugs greater than dictionary allows hugs greater than the values passed in .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the given element is a valid list of scopes .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether the current date in the given step .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the folder name for the given flags as a dict .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode a base64 encoded base .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list from the mailchimp list and returns true if lists is valid .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns all single classes in a module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user to the given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a list of stored localizer .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the cached value of under a given key and put it into the value passed .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert a decimal components to decimal format .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find the temporary level and exit to the switch .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function for checking clip compatibility .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  initialize a logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  expands expands .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  read text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a template file .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks an integer is a valid integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return true if the gaussian is true .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all four attributes from attributes .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data integrity by ensuring mac then use the token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a given stream args: id : the address of the given symbol to tells the whole stack .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  get new user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes a string for inclusion in an html fragment .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through a format that precision is passed .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new list of compatible channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a helper to do a providing providing the actual structure of an registered structure .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if user is the node of a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification notification for the specified user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  function which creates the temp directory for the provided prefix .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of indentation for microsoft a block .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy data from a cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  reads a configuration file as ini by parsedate_tz() .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if glance is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  default function for records that all country records .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  initialize the inter-mapper relationships of the global term .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper cron owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert a raw seconds string into a float .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  gets a value from the model class .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return list of available sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns a list of all plugin classes matching the given name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a testtools method in order to reuse the testtools .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring from a service node cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  answers a list where the elements are the right tree .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  the post code must not contain the compute these expressions .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for functions that require an kwargs['usage .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help entry for a help entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  add used to update idxs for the vals[which] of a list of classes to update the fields for every time .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  helper function to copy entries from the provided list of entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist assign expr | numlist | numlist | numlist | expr | numlist normalized comma | expr equals expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  remove accents from a form .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add a multivariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  remove a filename from a text file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  formats the status of a github api with a github status code .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  runs a service from the given url .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper for running a normal migrate polynomial name .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a range [port_min .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper for reorders .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  the handler for the procedures .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return the list of tags from global config code .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  generate a modules to add to a node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert ipv6 address in 6to4 representation to printable length .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  passing a delimiter other than space or comma gives an exception .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test kullback-leibler .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a numeric array into an integer .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress using a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run makemessages and starts tasks .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  consistent donut chart in a consistent chart using the rest sample .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  operation to reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a multinomial is equal to the right mean of a binary shape .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named grafana from the minion name the host to be absent .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path is a tar or a tarfile file .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  truncate a host name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick by a unnamed channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller to the addition table with the current labels .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  by d] the directory to the monitordir application host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  change the database backoff for a retry .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information for the given stack if it exists .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  helper function to get the version string from the bundled text .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies of parser .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for functions of a single function of a list of lists .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  return a context manager that overrides the project preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in the provided domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generates the chunks of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  send a result to the status of the given message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  modules in the given module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks for the specified token to be checked out .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint set .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch leafs from title and return the resulting artist .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a review request to a repository .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the expected_paths are the given content of the given test .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  generates the full task flake .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  the number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  testing the dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently set network time time :return: the current time time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a repository in a git .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the users password .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  the ais minus a rbm attachment term .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new new new repo path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the fetch from an http url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  use this function to apply the form input into a sparse template context for sparse images .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return true if the given context can be a show .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the bokeh version using osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  return a finder function listening to a finder .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  this function is run as an instance of the model .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return the signal with standard ctrl .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show version of zinnia .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from the input file and return a dictionary of plugin .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block device .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for player .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without fit .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  returns the length of a python module .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing maximum weight .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an iterable of indices using the given list of fields .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the namespace from the register usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns a string representing the name in the string .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  given a compiler object from distutils .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user prompt for a given mapping file .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the spec for a given type .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get video track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns the name attribute of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the stable are returned in the order of their position in the stable hash .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a sequence of adjacent .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  lowest lowest lowest by inserting a list .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  turn a branching rule into a branching .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  create and return a new index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the count of strings that can be made by a given host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  read a sequence of vertices for decoded audio .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in the language-code variant .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration to the database .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the log of a objective function for changes to the horizontal k = a*u .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  log a users preferred time .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to initialize a fake fake method into the make a fake request .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  determine the manipulates serializion of a repository that can be defined as parameters .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  use subprocess update the actual subprocess .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log likelihood of the determinant of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  returns an instance of a variable .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  generates an empty package for the files .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts up content into entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the object pointed to by sr_ref .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  decorator for providing a method that may be a method .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log base class for a single column .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the width of all the data in the passed spec .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return an array of all arrays in a and b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  returns a string in the given list of bytes .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a page from the given page using the given header .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a handler for the off of a ms page .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get all objects in a namespace .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes partial autocorrelations of a sample at the given color .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  sets the cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  shors return true if the reliability is a random number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  plots a matplotlib figure to the default runner runner .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  resource a file path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parses a raw source file .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a string to a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  dump a message but not cause the predicate .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create and return a dict with the specified options .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  convert a value that may be written into a float .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks whether the country is the country code for all 2-character iso dynamically .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a filter operator is supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  decorator for marking the database manager .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  writes a string to standard output .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check to see if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array of the elements of values .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to a single build .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check a min dict of instances that uses the same instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple cmd context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout for http request .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  make a message from the catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  return file items from a list of items or none if there is no items and found .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  remove the previously added records from the given signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  restful crud page from page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x by a tensor or a numpy array x under the specified type .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate the given path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  identify the peaks of datasetshufflesplit matching the given threshold .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  return a parameter value .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download results from a format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to timing a function member of a function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the file and return a l{sol} object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  split a list of characters in list into a string .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reads the content of the docker docker files and returns the appropriate docker file path to the appropriate docker the user cli example: .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  use this decorator to wrap methods in the database to call protected .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect receiver from a sender api to user-provides exact commit to the sender of a illegal signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  group the labels for each group in the specified frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a function used to interact with all keys from the deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list hypervisors by its '<hostname>' .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  the python version string to be a standard python version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision site site info .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create groups for each group in indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list list of arguments for which the first argument is not installed .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user with username revisions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the rows from username as a dict .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the given contents against the qutebrowser of the given json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test that when all applicable in the siteresources version is used .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a base file and return a dict of positional and the parsed data .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  appstats appstats in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  sample a random integer between the factorial distribution and 1 .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build a url for test driver script .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  converts x to a decimal timestamp .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  log into stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the first largest first largest degree of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation site items for the given navigation .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a response is invoked .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  make time like 1h from time string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that is designed to be a view because of a function is designed for the jbig2 arguments .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  returns a list of standard include directories in the form .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see if singular value is less than or even .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a new project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an items into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  return a list of nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  a valid set of fields from the linux destination :type color: str .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a wtforms fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  old name for the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a bundle name to a filename .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates tmpfile to a directory called when creating the registred directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic auth from header .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test that bad suggestions is cleared .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running on os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  remove the given name of the database .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  swap the cyclic pattern for a sequence of characters as per metasploit frameworks rex::text .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  view for toggling grid even when client supports blank .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return list of strings .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a configuration metadata for xml metadata if there are any embedded items .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  ternary shortcut for generalized values of a i-th i-th i-th string .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  pipepager wrapper around text .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert between permanences objects to dest and dest .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds new kernel to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping = none want promiscping 1 .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the trees in the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get a again for the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  decorator to skip tests the correct object for both methods and applies it .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app with the given configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of names .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  replace -> iterator similar to one .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  run the aes image on the given image and return the resized images .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the original config file object .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  removes the list of files specified by the current multi-line .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped iterator and enzyme chunks .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create an inited with a fourier and restore it in a chunk of tfields .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  display a single request .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that usage: sanity limit .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the specified service .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores a database from a previous archive table .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts x to unicode .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get the string and add it to the commit .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper for the file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each beam model .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  return a list of available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if argument is a bare function .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current active and has a specific interface result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  get a disk size in linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  returns an iterable of directories to be included in the given includes .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show params from roots .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  folder folder for folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition has a condition to receive .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  run a cloud job on the cloud node .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  override this is a wrapper to get passed as the location of a string .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  return a dummy class to unabc class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password hash using the private key and the hash object .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp history for the arp .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided change .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  write the named data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  apply a function to a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face from the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compare function that accepts effective and asc/desc and function names .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a model class that uses the given test class .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining this plugin allows you to use panda if the value of the currently non-maven .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : expression .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  utility function to convert the value to a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove all newlines in expr from a completed expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  see :meth: .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the http word as specified by the word code .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  parse the outputs from the gid .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  retrieves a logger from the queue .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  failed or set a data on an operation in a specific index .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of evoked data .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  circle circle .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return all nodes in the graph that are in the graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  a fake url for the url raise nosuchprocess if it exists .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  parse an openid response to download an openid request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads and returns data .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree prefix for a given set of -points .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns first contact as dictionaries with the given request .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications on the system notifications .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  output from those elements .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  transforms an floats to floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin for a systemd plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font fonts .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string and a template identifier .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform the uri with npzfile addresses into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  make sure numpy ndarray is unicode .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper around docker client .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that basic exponent-like functions are ignored by the c reader .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url string for itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  test creating default root directory with no permissions .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  determine distance between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns a filter that has perms usage at the given class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transforms the given property into the form .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  helper to set the variable creation for a failed applications .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  permanently delete a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests to see if a url can be created from this regions .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get the number of workers that have been moved .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  like os .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom limit_dict to generate the custom title and year the user title .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms key and exit .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove a file from the filename .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string of the current locale .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  show a soap fault based on the threads of the response .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  get a firewall for a vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  wrapper for the server .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get in nested rings from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the b-spline b-spline b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image metadata for a pil image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove the ending value of a string that contains the substring .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field from its plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get list instance of media list instance .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of file names that are on the system .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  returns the list of all pids of a process running distribution .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all compute services for a binary service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test either pytables .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe blocks if dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  recursively initialze() units that are not in the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  helper for the request .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the rcode .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  revert -> int calculates the length of a sequence of numbers .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test label of source space for label statistics to c{origin} .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the integer entries of the 'entry' entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets the list of about the about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if an exception is in the list of arrays .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the approximate objects associated with an album address .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  print denied message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  n-dimensional allocate an array of boto3 .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  generates a reduction code block from a string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  load a template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  remove boldface formatting from a string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  calculate the minimum minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  reduces images off the visible event .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  decorator to add to the beginning and apply to a function call .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete specific info .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a join number of bytes .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  creates an action instance of the threaded app .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  like letsencrypt .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of objects specified by the service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  helper to retrieve all entities to keep its fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  returns true if user can be used for this document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns a schema that write te to te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  only the redbull service is available .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create new steps so inner inner extra objects from instantiated .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to open the repository stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of the names of the sites that contain a resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter an list of errors to logging .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize the points lie by a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a swarm into toc sub-blocks and s3 .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test join before mkv to another links .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove any given string to the beginning of a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the full flag of the given fail object .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a machine to the queue .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  test the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  compare an item if needed .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  checks whether an mime type is a string for a specific response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the absolute time of the user .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  exception raised for operator .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node which are not dominated by the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return an iterator over all elements of a dictionary .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  recursively lowercase the provided keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  convert color to hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator to restricted a function that raises an exception if a user has the acl that when the user is raised .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute md5 hash of the v1 .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs the silhouette score algorithm according to the design mean and labels .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert binary representation into integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  attempt to execute an alter on a single iteration .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  setup the insteon binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end test for pip show command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  return weight input .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  find a table with the current set of columns from a table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that the problem for each problem in choices are correct .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  generator for creating numbered items from the given prefix .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  subtract a polynomial from a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the cumulative product of the given list of positional and v .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for all the specified vm cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  creates a qrcode object from a file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that the current dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials for aws default credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  add to remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a given username to the current site .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos in the repository .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces and save them to a source file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip # markers at the front of a block of text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users that the most recent activity .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email to the initiator of a failed bulk email address .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of methods of methods of methods .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  convert a binary string to utf-8 encoded in utf-8 encoding .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the list of build an html files .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string to html .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  return a list of parameters devices : this gets called by the systems parameter or none if no <github+pull+request+builder+plugin> is supported .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  helper for the tokens containing the ldd and parser .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  pipe server and returns a server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  given a nested path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  verifies that the user is not allowed to do the access of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that the method name passed to the method .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  prints all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  select the items in a dict .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns first element in seq that predicate is found .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a new help command to the django settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  return path to the heads config directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  estimate markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  decorator to unpatch tests if theres a test as argument .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an output stream into file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator for notify which allow none to be used on color(s) .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  click the behave table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list containing sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  main function for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check for the existence of a given environment .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan for a list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  test histogram of player .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  returns true if ratings contains a simple specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  run a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  defining defining failures for all none in expr examples .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a time in seconds to time strings .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension used to render the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a list of cost of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  compute the number of all enumerate cliques in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a transaction .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid from the request lifecycle .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  build a path for the cjk list of paths relative to the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  unflatten a list of lists .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by package name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to a message .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the alternating alternating 4 of the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if a string is a valid aws enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers the given handlers to be constructed in the application .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random key that formatted; the given key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median correlation coefficient for binary classification .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special decomposition of a sparse matrix x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host of free ports that an start .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate that the given value is valid .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns lower case of a multiple individual value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many parsing with the page in the request .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  gets the attribute statistics for an layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  for logging create/update/delete operations that are searched since the deferred report to the integral .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url - python print out at the beginning of each conf .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create if host has blocklist or per partition .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a value is cluster in the cluster node only can be run on a node with a node with a given value should be run on a node with
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with local arguments for ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine norm .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only supported on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  for all config hooks see if they appear in the same hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns the management python module .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  if the reset tag is not empty and the reset conjugate .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract common subrois .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get permissions for the given doc and add permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the path to the updatevmx .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if this is installed on .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict smaller than parallel com .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task status for a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to an integer .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  decorator that instance methods in a subprocess .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common fixtures for fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  check if the value is not in the production environment .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction of a 3d harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test functionality for functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  sends an email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the available users on the system .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a list of the metadata from a json file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the path of a file or directory beneath that dirname the actual file should be rebooted .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  check if we should numa the meta information for the pages .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method which checks that the output is a method to serialize the response data into a http response .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort the elements of content containing the elements of the given list content .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  delete users and their login cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  generate a date in the given source listing .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a semi and a tree of 2x2 .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  this function is the first derivative of the hermite interpolation .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test vi control-v style cursor position .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the matrix of the scott function as a list of complex tuples .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  creates a @memoize .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a given response .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  helper to give a single line closed events for a single line .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch deep .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  attempt to get the ids of a package from a given package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get data from file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  combine all tree .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity age for the purchase page .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601 formated date into a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the name of the lazy argument for the current request .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range header into a tuple of .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric value for the metric module .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a and b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a list of header tuples .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a table to the underlying table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  check event search using location .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  accepts a datetime object as a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a theano tensor variable with zero elements of a tensor .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a model class that can be used to validate the model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock for the current default clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return greyscale local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in the ast .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  take a key as a string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int as a int .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if datetime is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if model is allowed to be used in the queue .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events to be running in a progress_precent file .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  check that the type is a valid type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extract hyperbolic fields from a single string .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  display a central outputs of images .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  returns the max-age used to supply a node connected to the output: loop .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test creating status code with identical values .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  callback to ensure all methods are less than the opening .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extract the id from an http token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision to be used as a base filter for the given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  returns the cost for the requested cost as a matrix .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the square matrix from the series .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  initialize the internal logging module .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  stub to configure the config object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare for a specified term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the signal from byte signal handler .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the given arguments are configured to be used to create a verifies verifies that the user has the same name as the tag to physically .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a new record for the class .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify : string path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable bench updates to be deployed .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  this view is a wrapper for the given document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only runs on linux systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  this function is called to print a temporary file into a reproducible .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an attribute from a normalized environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import the repository directory from a git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for warnings if fields matches warnings and newly checks .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a neural training .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return a list of term with union of baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates a class that allows python ip address to be used for the current application template .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the current package location .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value into an int .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  unquote slashes need to be escaped in a string .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  remove a file from disk .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if elements in the sequence are in seq .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information from /proc/meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color number of the given short value .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts an integer to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  given a png backend .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call cmd with the given command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a theano shape variable .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to add none to a page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  helper to give getting model id and closing model objects with this decorator has been rendered in the model of a function .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to make migrations for typical files .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  returns the labeller number of n elements in the labeller group .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the database to use .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a method to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the version of a tag .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run the command and return its --scenarios .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  send a request to a mime-type parameter .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get convex loops from loops and add loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create the plugin events .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  restful crud alert used for searching for the map - used by the map options .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a signature scheme object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  run a series of legend .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  import an object and returns a string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  performs a chisquare test for each pixel of allpairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read a file from the git repository .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with homogeneous homogeneous coefficients using the method of 1st coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the test cases .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a random column of the internal covariance matrix a sample function .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  breaks breaks before anything .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for the element to become active .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the form code into a valid location .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  check if the current request is about page .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns maximum of a .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of active experiment from the experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding to delete a vlan .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in the xml file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  turns more than one read per link into a link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  build and build a register file to object .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a subdictionary .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the message prefix for the current thread .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  draw images in rotation space .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  helper function for statsmodels .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a sibling of the given numba type as integer .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  registers a wrapping feature for the current thread .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams from a clustering clustering in the sff file handle .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  create a single grid of the current request .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return a tuple of functools-wrappable attributes on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with a number of spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the lowest node that is a list of undeclared nodes for the given names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  get the path to the directory of the given directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return nibbles .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the correct openshift key for a openshift secret .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  returns population using the population algorithm .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function to use a step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this function prints a result dictionary for a given file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  helper to get a time randomsymbols number of seconds since a range .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  test that we can remove a non-existing time from the time time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  helper function that rewrites a condition with normalized steps .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the virtual property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test that db for -- should be modified .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  filter a source file for catalogs .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  decorator factory to generate a function that applies one or more keys to an command-line argument passed in that has the same arguments to the expected job .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available updates cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  restart service fails in the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  unregister a service port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a palette in the matplotlib palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  return true if obj have a class requested .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  make sure that lets be used to module is built .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point is after a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements from iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  if* indexing for parameter special methods .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  find whether the key has a given key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  cs of feature based on noisy samples .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve gecos information and return dictionary in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create the hash of the determined determined by the current commit .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the given directory for each builtin builtin .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the number of memory in the memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  generates a prototype for the routines that return a coordinate value for the routines .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return a helper for the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a trunk object - print a port to port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if the child of the template is in child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph g in gexf format for g .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  copies a instream to a file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  a wrapper around detail .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  perform a loop and return it until it returns .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run pylint on a new report run on the user as a new report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a forum .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  migrate sorting for args .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known project names for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple of the form header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  checks if a process is a minimal bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about a hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract sentences from a string of commentedheader .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  as many objects as they might contain those specified in the objects as they were not be checked for other checks .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses the uri uri and returns a tuple of the respective paths .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the correct number of days that contain positive integer i .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  helper to add signalcommand methods to generate a single command .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse a list of deseq2 strings .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the install attributes on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a sample from string of components .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a string to a bytearray .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  helper function which is called from utils .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given unicode string to show .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  combine x into a pair of table types .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  view to convert an timestamp hex color to a view in hex form .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  removes all possible dom records from the tree .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level from a phone number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a list of paths to the given root node .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call func in a class and prints the decorated test suite .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the adapter name of the current adapter .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the security group .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is the product of p and p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a query that takes a query of all the arguments and returns a cached query of the form of a model .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  give number of entity for the protocol buffer .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and pages a pair into array of strings .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  scenario post email after the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the email address .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate keys from a page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  return true if the given field is a category for the given field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a template string used to build a params dict .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse commandline arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the given fields as a string .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return vector3 .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for node not previously added node .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encode string as xml or html .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  generate a module from the acceptable module .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  generate a session instance with cmd and hash of the postgres server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the fvwi from an fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  fuzzy result of a function .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  gets the list of exploration ids of the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test intervals with last number of size input .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack is in the stack .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  fetch a client and name .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets a unique chart by a aws ajax response id .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  changes the specified pr .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return line number of line ending or the last line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the subgraph induced by c passing filter .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  set a trace to the repartition instance .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  similar to tool .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  generate a dict of fields for each model in a given model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and returns false if vm is connected to the vdi .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  return a description of the current request .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dict with keys of the provided features and converts it to a tuple .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  assert that the condition is still soon .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the directory for the duration of the named container .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a tuple of the strings in the given string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  if using python files are run by the given list of strings .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  f: a single stream from their extra_spec .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the arithmetic mean of the list of items for missing group .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the current routing table cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number to hold a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a vm cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric group of two dimensional group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  environment to mptt .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  returns the buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform special chars in a string to aid in a file name .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a list of strings .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate some objects return value .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables for the tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from cross nodes .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns the directory where the given file exists .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  validate the filter scheduler .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush a logger to be deleted .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the number of distributions in a list of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real matrix of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  query all timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate a mapping of mapping file option .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path to the mercurial repository cwd the path to the mercurial repository p .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a class .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  this function takes one input and a single suite in the data along with a data[offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  return multivariate content and the primitive polynomial for f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method creates the url for a block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a single acl into a v1 list and groups .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports the given path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update index .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  helper decorator to get/create a test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort otu table by ascending its data by ascending the results of dicts .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  returns true if the has is a list of targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random additional factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the kth norm function of xx and y read more model .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a decorator to be a custom name or class .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see if the lists is a ieee 754 .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return true if the provided t is a valid lval lval .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie header string and values .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  look up an undirected tag for a module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all decoded bytes or unicode string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test an array of all samples to the large list .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  make a remote branch to pull requests .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this is an s3 controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  decorator to enforce an api method to handle http request a view that gets the response resource is associated with a given request .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  a helper function to leading zeros in a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get private key .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands for each task in the given docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  returns a list of the child nodes of the node nodes .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the fraction of the each string in the database .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the sequence for each step in the given list .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  redirects to the specified url in the party .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign = *log(x)* llst to llst .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer less than n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a sympy expression for diffing and renames .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of represented represented by a list of equivalences .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send an http request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  days filter parameters west : array observations object as weight .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load an qiime qiime data from a config file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  the text parts of the multipart form .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  remove the given number of strings .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse the arguments to a list of positional arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fudge headers for the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  return the single input array in the numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a matrix to replacement for a matrix identity matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return a list of the sql statements for all osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validate an email format .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  parses a handle tuples .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 2d function for a given sqlalchemy function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic to a cubic document .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parse a key into its component parts .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a new existing linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the set of objects for the java .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  content transform entities in the following wavelength .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json so that it can be embedded safely inside html .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance group from gce .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata when cache is deactivated .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  copy all specification that depend on source files in directory .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  set up global console to be used for logging .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  looks up the line for the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print the stdout output .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load the result of a tree as a list of tuples .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  this function computes the hcluster distance between the *y* and the elementnode .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  retrieve the number of available chapters for a release .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra deferred by sending it to the proper programs .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the cache durations for the given durations instance .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  just like the .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote the unquoted and whitespace .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract the version from the current working version as a list of dictionaries .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  resets an image for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  return true if idle is idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the decorated function on the class .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse http response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api key for workflow and acts as a generic formatter .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable filled with all-ones tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  checks whether the places is a specific class or a specific places .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value in the current environment .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  creates all assets for a cameras package and all its assets .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test full text if it is not implemented and will fail if it is and true otherwise .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  calculate the view with a category according to the model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path to the device is full path to the following directory and is not a directory with the appropriate root path .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make an in-memory backup for the given tpotregressor .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key from the system metadata for the calling container .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple authn parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will filter the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  remove the fake project to be overwritten by the test project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax source lines creates taxes for more source lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  confirm that the given object is a tty .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return a path to the directory that contains a given pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the segment name from the segment table .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  takes a string and returns the regex .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  load the given s3transfer .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning table .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncate primer fasta filepath qual_fp: quality primer mapping file containing primer values .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme in the cookiecutter .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  get a list of best instances .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given one of the arguments .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the lineedit .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  recursively write an array to disk .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests for snappy and completely completely prepare to a single user .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  this function is used to convert a dom string to a time to the crl .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  callback used by pyyaml when creating yaml as yaml .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  return the harris points for locations of each non-negative vectors .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse an input image or float and a percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process used to complete a process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  helper method to get an attribute of a module attribute .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the current page of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  functional encode an object to disk .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  return an instance of the node with the given text .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first opened of a numpy array in the given condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  format the exceptions of a device_path object .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  return the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a backing device(s) to all ckan devices if no dev is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert an opcode into a boolean value @rtype: text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  update a conditional record in the given project .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  runs cmd as a subprocess .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples and all [x]html objects for obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  call rebuild_node with lazy in simple environment .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of all unique libraries installed on the system .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  changes an image using the specified image .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a wrapper method and give it .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert b from hex to integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  deletes all the provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns an iterator over the string in a single string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  given a path to a resource from the path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete and email .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  parses a form request .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the current file if travis .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  recursively convert a list of files in the package to the equivalent .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  get a sorted iterator for the cusum as a sorted polygon .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the list of nameserver public user ids from the calendar .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path or a egg file to a egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with a shortcut for a complex interest .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object from an instance of the time zone or none if no timezone is enabled .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a cookie that maps the given ibp .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password from a random set of values .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that creation is not english as needed for exception .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  this is a helper function to generate the data points .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts a string into an internationalized range .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  attempts to generate a worker set } .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  set the apcaccess module if the blockdev utility is present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the databook representation of the databook as a dict .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  styles to gamma in admin window in using mavg .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper method to create a dict of the lookup lookup .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  dump a tracemalloc object to a file output .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  restore or registration registration of a user in the datastore code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  returns a new theano tensor where the first dimension is a scalar .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  helper function that instantiates the zoneminder api for the specified timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  resets milestone for milestone .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the standard service is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  used to parse the iterables to a configuration dictionary .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get service by compute host its on and binary host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  compact a function .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns sampleid to use for fasta/qual locales .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch keyword arguments: instance -- none .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  returns an kind from the kind of a kind .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  ignore a wrapping function to issue and return false if category is not in the given category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  configures the context processors by the home assistant instance .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a --unit .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a string into a list of relationships .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  used to get the datastore signature from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that the supplied id is valid for docker content if it is compatible .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute given an attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  subset available round ports written by their mac address .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists and the executable given by the current something .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator to check if a collection is in a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the mnist device .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the filepath is a votable for the given filepath .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the information in the feature .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  decorate a function to create a deterministic instance .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  feed a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a dict with all available hello of the page .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format the given username to a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps and a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parses auth entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  return an iterator over all file names in dirname .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with status code which contains a summary of page code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts symbols into an iterable of symbol .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the given numa stats to check .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plot with raw data .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  process indentation spaces in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute subresultant prs of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test the creation of a tarball .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  create an html byte array using a scene file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  a path to dependency an :func:authenticated source files .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines input size of a convolution operation this function computes the length of a convolution operation along a list of 2d size .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie from the contents of the supplied cookie and returns it .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if a name is subclass and referenced the query .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  same as pdbedit .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  test if the user has the provisioning excel .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a higher order function implemented on top of the block_structure .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the topic topic method does not change the same topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run tests under the tests/ .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  class decorator to apply a class to a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items matching the given path .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic message detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the microdescriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  get the location of a file or directory .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the rng rng .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value for the given key in the given region .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  write the data to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash digest of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  view a wiki document in a list of documents .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  converts a list of dictionaries to a set of key/value matching the set of input matching matching matching .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  create a polynomial in gf(p)[x]/(f) .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource from the working directory for a resource .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  writes data to an existing field .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address that is not none .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  get a list of registered aliases for all registered aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the yeelight .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of the configured hostnames used for the current request .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of a .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle a response for the basket basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path from the resource portion of the resource music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  sets the pipeline timeout for the current request .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of the prime number represented by the factorization of n! .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get networks none' or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  generate a generator of single random slices .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by a single space character .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the current search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes string argument to utf-8 encoded value .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  format the variable according to the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a dispatcher .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a map of rewrites: .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export a list of patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the httpresponse generated by the server when it is shut .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  find and return the given user_id id from anonymous id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  helper to bind a standard shell shell interface into the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get key for the current backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns a tuple representing a package name .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters from the query_string and limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of entries from pillars if :py:func:load_opts_from_mrjob_conf is enabled .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a custom element in the element of the given element or case .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to rgba array .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  same as d .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  return a dask object from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the number of open file descriptors in the page .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  create the logout url for this module .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network and a network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  returns the display name for the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of the tag stored in the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  return a temporary file name .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to a list of language objects .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates a book indices for the specified classification dict .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that adds seamless header to the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key list keywords matching list .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims link before and after its rpc .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the machine key to use for the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  gettz -> database metadata messages .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  gets the subtitle path to the current video path using the gpl .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  tokenizes the given text by removing the data from tags .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to the hash argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  determine if the local element is inside an alloc .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize __init__ file descriptor on disk .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown a managed server port on the remote server .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns a dictionary mapping prefix strings to the xml findtext .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  generate example in exception code .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present in the images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  helper function to resolve a relative url and return its url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  return a tuple containing the elements of elements of the given list .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  calculates the autocorrelation function subject .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders that are created only applicable by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  decorate a function to be called when an refresher command is called .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generates the javascript map for each policy y map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  a locale way to invoke the locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x and remove den elements .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a indices of the elements of a dataset type .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity identity for the given user or anonymous instance .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  execute the warnquota service cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  function or show the old diskspace as a workbook if dist is not available or the workbook .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check that pygtk and sunish give versions are valid for each gcrs type .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt the given code to dtc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  a decorator for creating a counter_type .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send vote and broadcast vote for a user .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the graph specified by the digraph with the lowest p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  generate a url for an object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  function that processes uptime snippet to obtain the show uptime from the cisco returns: none .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  avoid using invalidating .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an objects to a pickle string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip zip file from a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named constant_expression_opt is absent name the key of the dataset to remove in the server to be not present .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping file or folder and build a dictionary of functionannotation bits .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  the path of the model that runs this code as a mock .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return unicode representation of 8bit or unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list input data .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  remove the experiment handler from the minion .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble the function used as js function .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  test that the printer argument works as expected .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  test view that doesnt verifies the response is returned by the response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a class .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the cube item of the standard iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray model .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  url decode strings encoded by their single-character equivalent .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  extract lines not allowed in string comments .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get min status for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  information for a vbl routine .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  utility to run the python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gpu coefficient for a column .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  writes the given metadata to the specified metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in the env .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  return *func* from xmlelement .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  generates the reduced reduced vertex returns a list of vertices n .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify reject section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained : array unconstrained of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path without preserving the name .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  print *g and prevent derivatives with the given args .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a debug language for the current active locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return an openflow instance for the type or mro .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  determine if the filename is an extension of a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the hiera cpus just two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns information about the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  return a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  this page allows an existing wiki to check for a new wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the poisson pmf .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  display an response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the amount of virtual machine and show .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified milestones of the namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  makes pivot from a list of raw threshold .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and style .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  decorator that checks the resulting argument passed in memoize .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return a dict describing the tool proxy for the object .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  the response is to be stored in django api .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return mask to mask for arr .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  partial version is differently .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code for the regular expression into a python int .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac sample data from a list of following platerecords .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read bti head position .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with bytes from raw text .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print msg and exit with exit code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  helper for p-value abcissa to find all nodes in divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the ado configuration from the passed config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate nodes for nodes using the main search algorithm .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  custom view .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple command-line program .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  regression test for issue chunks .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  returns true if the given get is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if uris are variants enough .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a long integer to a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown html dict matching a specified renderer .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  decorator to loop the decorated function to exit .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  download kernel spec data for a panel-like .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the reconstructions is visible as a json .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  add a new error to the error code and code acquire_settings .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific dashboard is present in the running search path for the given search .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request object .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns qr qr decomposition of a such that a .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get a list of configure legen legen .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon boolean for a django field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in a given sort .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services that are installed but not on the system as specified by the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  concatenate chunks into a binary string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a directory to the postgres server .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an instance of the recarray field for the field .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a more iterable .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a single task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  return the portion of the qgradient .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a string using unicode .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  use balance to pick a list of commits to summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a filename exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  this function is called to display the function that should be executed .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine whether the error message should be identified by the remainder .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  format a list in the form each version list .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates the connections object for a given app .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse events events into internal dictionary .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify a cg as a string .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id for the given comment .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the list of tasks from each task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  notify a notification about the given group group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set groups to modify groups .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed with python setup .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compare two pandas fields the left and calculates the approach on a lhs iterator .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  get data from a path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate a strategy to be used for the application .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send analytics counts to the configured github stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare before and after a mne_root for the same named dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the new signer signer and writes it to the underlying writes and writes it .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the xml-file version number to serve the file and the data to query .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a file from the filename and return a string .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns the energy of the first ordinal value specified as a float .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the length of the spaces .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return a datetime object for the specified user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a variable .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which methods are accessible as public arguments .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet snippet the metaclass .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read lsm sequence of file and returns a dictionary of the lsm .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a filename for the file attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create the test suite from the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table to the output .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if the current request configuration has been set .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim every year in a list .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a path name to a local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if the path matches one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  write the special characters to a string .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a users username string or a username .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the cluster to check if there is an l1 .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when creating datetime objects .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  like dictionary .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a new repository in a repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  this function computes the sas execution of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert jobsub to the given jobsub @type which is registered with package_dirpath @type it is registered with script_ .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  test custom example option .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  gets the timezone string in the given matplotlib .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  adds a new slash argument to the current line .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  delete a specific instance .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a new team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements for a list of objects .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a client and return its first matching the last open job .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get report list for given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test multidimensional and multidimensional arrays to multidimensional .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get data structure from the configuration .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  see if list of all missing results have formatted for memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check whether a fits file has a checksums checksums formatted for the specified filename .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal method to get an entrance exam exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  iterates over genbank formatted entries as a handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  runs a redis redis server .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  runs the given markdown using the http scripts .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split the given template into list of paths to all the possible path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  validates that calling tarball have been met since last order .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  a helper for validating a single square prime number .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash identifying the md5 hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  provides a given path from a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  flatten an iterable of strings that dont contain a single string to avoid newly one .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new generator object using the given header .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  this is the distributions of the plot function to plot the plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  ensure that g is a valid status code .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to a list of ids to the top level value .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert numbers .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  detect whether the given path is within the repository folder on the disk .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the history to the history file .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define rss-feeds listed in the setup file return a list of configcat instances .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of users for the current user .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  request handling of the specified signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  convert a propositional logical algorithm to an logical logical volume .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to set the decorated selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  compare function used to compute the rank rules for a given rank .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  load a pickle file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the configuration file and return a cleaned instance .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  set/get or set the radial ticklines .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker task for docker task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  dimitem : step expr | empty .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  like os .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if minc reports the correct thrifttasktrackerstatuslist .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  copy all process .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a value is a string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  helper function to find a smoothed smoothed by either a small_stmt or an frag_archive smoothed smoothed .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog for comparing a pair of dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test fastprint and logging .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  for each sitemap object generated in the sitemap list of tasks .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  convert a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot the ylimits of a single image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic to the cached state driver .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  fetch packagesite on boot packages .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function creates a decomposed type for a given family name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  allocates allocates - match string back to whitespace using regular expression .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return list of lists of the data sets disabled .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  makes an instance of a filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract the first element of a list of fraction .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri given a uri string and return it .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the original original original object for original filename .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  returns the snapshotted vm disk image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a demonstration helper for reloader .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  optimization and params<dict>: a program .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  split a name into a nodename .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns true if the path was made from an xpath path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the square matrix x as a ) matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and that the in-db store after the on-disk args are recovered .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the {% message twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs for the source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  apply a list of functions to a list of plugin strings .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for a volume to become active .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with alpha and filesystem-safe base64 .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create an current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return telemetry data for the email address .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns new metadata change for the place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model matching the given app name .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list lambdas that contribute to the given axes .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote -> string return a safe version of '/' .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a formatted date using a timestamp string .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a valid exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the philips for a database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  keypoints the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the given excludes to the rsync directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  gets the google cloud storage credentials for the given credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a dict from an options service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop as a wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends an admins request to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate more than the layer problem for overrides .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of modules and build the version that are stored in the version .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  checks the percentage of an instance and its status .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  push a course as update for the given course push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  checks if a file contains text .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  from github issue #1918 .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  recursively apply a acoustid dict to each acoustid using the acoustid of its items .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as display functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program for credentials .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines that the dataset is in a new dataset that has a dataset that is required to have different at least the correct fields .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the certificate footer that could be used to track the footer as a dictionary .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of the data rfc2822 for all the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this function is x in the square matrix x and x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  recursively get default error data from a list of central data and return data .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  check if the specified length is a valid one of the valid one that is not a valid one .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that the test data in plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  return the amount of all es entries in the block with those .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  generates a simple dict of filename to a protocol .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add allocated_id before the lms field .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  finds the given activity table .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of files .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate the coverage for the coverage packages .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to four number of seconds since the string [0 .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  a version of left where to insert item x is different .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call this function .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to the database .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the specified _ module .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to check if the list of completed code is the template context in the order of the template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop a section of an entry into a sequence of arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  is this configuration and should not be run in patches .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  prompts the user for the login process .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  this function accepts a drill event and latex_engine .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the number of bytes in the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test pick with channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scenario black switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns the successors of the nodes in a breadth-first node .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which doesnt yet support filtering to just updateable sites - used by site_contact_person() - used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  format a string representation of the standard format .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket calculation for "normalized" .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a columns .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper for each search in the path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  change the optimizer data to a file .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get wanna list by session name .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then in utf8 encoding .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current list of all current function names in finddiff .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find if vote based on the contents of the line which can be replaced .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  return chunks from location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service by sending it down to the process .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  function to set the keypress handler for a service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into key=value together .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  checks if the user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  drk for facilities when doing a resource .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  checks if the theme is the current theme class .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  helper function to get a single global float value .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists of strings and returns a dictionary of the form .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract a dictionary of instances from a list of instances information for a given instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have exactly the same as the default step .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  find all words in trie that match trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return its hostname factory .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  load all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  minify a string to a query query .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  used to execute the gracefully decorator .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a warning .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  modify all students of ccx courses so that they have the management role on the ccx course they coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type by the type of the given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute subresultant prs of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get list of all app listing for an app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  the gradient of a single metadata variable and add it to the mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the immediate results for the specified formats .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  encode the mysql name for use as url .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  build a query for a particular service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  wait for onlyif and only if a package is in a given download .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random number for the specified bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return the squared erfinv function of the erfinv .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of all locks on the system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create the query fields for the setup .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate only plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a list of tuples for use in a string .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove all p-value from the shared class .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  given a course enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for building a filename from a path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  trims a scalar tid: for the hsa problem .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the location within a vcenter in an vcenter package .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: outline should never be ptbr as scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  the first scenario tags is that the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  internal method to join data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  return common prefix of paths containing the canonical path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  checks for two paths corresponding to the data for the given course and returns the permissions .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network object by the the partition .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a stack xblock works like .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  check if all of skipped .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja template for jinja directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  new file & create a new file path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a character literal then retrieves the start and end of a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all configured security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  create a new l2 service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change email address of user account .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  makes a uniform distribution from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  make a django request to be sent in the expensive way .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the bokeh version as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a file in the list of files .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error band at each time .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the sum of each pairs of the dataset .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  clean up the module .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return a dict describing all volumes in the given generic consistency .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a style_map doesnt exist .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert cutoff to integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the number of api calls for the highest user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  create a client instance by a vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  group a dataframe as :class:multidict .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the dashboard object that the user has been deleted successfully .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  convert an email to a mandatory from a user and sending it to the email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this tamper * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the existing database oscillator .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login "offset url for an login provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate an integer to a previously a previously modified .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts a template name to a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorate a record-style method to be used for api requests .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in format the usable exclusive as the integer part of a bound .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the center center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  create the country logger .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper function to redirect to a message to the redirect to the redirect url of the provided location .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to a jid .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the current path .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  return the dot dot product of a matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the data against a local video file .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  returns a flask configuration object for the given configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the command line option and return a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a dict describing the state of the package that the package is currently installed .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces space character references with its new color string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  this helper function takes a course and returns the value of ccx fields for the ccx ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate an aware datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate md5sum of a md5 hash of the file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  creates a simple wildcarded nxm entry for the given type .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert a salt://_grains .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate unicode to ascii string .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register pelican article to the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the forums .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  git a package using pip .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test settings for "wake the "wake function .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  alternative values from the clang functions using value of the gstreamer algorithm .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  fix up children of children in the given category .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the id string corresponding to the given reference to the error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of the names of each listing that has been modified files .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the service group .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  returns the root directory path .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  sets up the plugin .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  for cross compatibility between python 2 and action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a simple ipv4 address in a simple case to a map .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  since people works based op ids rather than names as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required information from the cloud profile .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return absolute path to the operating resource relative to the directory of a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensure that the doctest for the function f can be used as an doctest string .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return the direct path for a specific key/value path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  helper to give one argument to another program .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google api from google cloud storage .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  list files that match a list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes python records from the frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend module to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  default community replacement for the flash vm .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  returns true if the given section is a matching line .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  returns a matrix of the expression tree you can be used for staleness .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests whether cffi file objects are valid .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the index key from the statuspage portion of the params dict .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate that the loop is valid for each doctype .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts a string of lists to a list of positional and trailing unquoted:: .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining start date for a start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using 2 and softmax applied to the last layer of the units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  helper to convert a dict of key-value pairs to a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  get a python import version from the interpreter string .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent agent is enabled to be enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  get the number of bits that are in the form: .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  execute a delfacl configuration file and returns the delfacl type that the acl of the acl has passed to the command .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  pads the 2nd and 3rd dimensions of a 4d tensor with a 1d 1d tensor basis .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add salt://_pillar to state and stopservice so that they check the serviceold .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test cube argument .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  retrieve user info .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  from vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  extract the type from request or fail .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  helper function to check the response result .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  runs a application error on the provider and log error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate database location for all symbol listed in dict .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a i{dispatch} function for an object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of the names of the given option .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the mantissa bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively set files in all the filenames except for files in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test [8 and 57 .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an affine file to all images in a directory .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  shorthand for creating a stage true if path exists .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  returns the db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a resource which is created with a list of strings .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  convert 3d rectangular keras coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns true if the field has anything that the given mapper .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create and return the widget instance .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the in-db file which are marked to be handled and that the on-disk file ceased to split conversion and file counterparts .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a single compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  remove notification from model to new script? .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login object for the specified host and port .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test intervals of readparsers .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads the given config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  coefficients for coefficients .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  get expired sessions for name .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  test that debian instantiates without raising any tags .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split a list of index .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  returns a list of dot product on the system metadata .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove all headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns the projectresource .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  make changes in the repository log .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  tries to load the profile that the terminal for the profile or none .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  this logging is some python module .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  perform the periodogram decomposition of an array .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with audio variable proposed in the given filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a key cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to consume a topic command .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test loading python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an ubuntu-based package cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  converts a scipy .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks elements of the x_j that have not been updated by reading the number of subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  if called without doing an single messages .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy all objects in destination into the given root .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  gets the users password for a users password .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of gradient variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave in a slave database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  retrocompatible wrapper to check to see if the ca module exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any of the linkage in the specified distance matrix .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in an in-memory configuration .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  adds an array to the specified large array .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  issue the title of a checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list the named host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  format a color triple color to a size color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which wraps autocovariance method in the current interpreter .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that username is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if there is two hilbert accuracy of scores a and expr: .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  some doc function .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function to get action client from bti cleanup or deterministically deterministically .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  convert the current date to datetime and return the current time in milliseconds .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the manipulationfunction .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  append project from rss widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  regression test for issue formated formated test .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the package or class value of the field java .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see if rendering .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a tool from multiple entered of photos from the execution of assigning .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a document object in the document format .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload data as a html page to the html generated from the landing report .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the filename of the file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a helper function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  assign an iterable to a set of class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check a kernel version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  fetch a specific 'show by query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical locator .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  compute adjacency matrices by dividing .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a aruba scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  write a list of all repository in a named repository .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get a geometry output .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  get the application path for a file .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  greatest two :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  list dns entries for domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  returns reports to which the given report from all messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test get_file_list .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  formats an option to make it usable as a timestamp .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the setup sky .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  check that the password values for the dictionary values in the dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  microsoft getch .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  returns a list of country zones from a country time zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test basic data .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode prompting points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is job successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create all folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records for specific attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the covariance matrix .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared document for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  test if the bundles has been modified tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return an array with the itemsize of data .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check whether page is a title for the page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a polynomial at f and return the first derivative of the f in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  set virt to be run before the process .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  find all variables in a template code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a multivariate polynomial of data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of gaussian moment .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  test data_url() with a min tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of available keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns the function as a function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy command .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  creates the align alignment of two alignment .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the commonfooter .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source field from the target to the target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test on use when cov_matrix is returned .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns none if the value is a valid and false .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  helper function for :func:sqf .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns all of the installed file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number to a hex string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  generate the fused signature for the given fused type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  helper function to load data from data points .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity of two lazy view function as a list of *inputhook* .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  helper function to make a timestamp into the timestamp .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the pcap for the given validity of the given name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  returns csv content for all students metrics in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the given file to person .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a offsetboxes event loop to the function .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  test that a mask is equal to the expected mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dict for the process name of its status in the given process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  the function to check the specific interface for an interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  splits neg the input data into a space-separated tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a string with the same text as text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  gets a tenants model from a google model identifier .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  new-style different messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate the power of an boolean type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  the other callables - the received callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  bins qual stats from ros .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the tree for the tree via which the given right is assigned .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  register a license license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  install supported_by optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return true if a is similar enough .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns an immmutable nodeset which is arbitrary with *name* .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  given a simple node name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that mocks and fixture to be a mock .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  assert whether x is all finite .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests that the in-db implementation of the project result is different .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse the schema response description for a resource .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register a new modeladmin class into the instance of the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields pairs of integer slices in a list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a pep instance for the given object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  just runs the initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a list of packages .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the unix timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  this factorial is a fast factorial integer and returns the number of estimate .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests for snappy .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet names is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  generate a flash mode .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a interactive container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control select bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute an md5 hash hex string for a given payload .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  make a multi-dimensional property that an attribute name is set to a spoofing name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the cluster when path is a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  sets the environment .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a list of lists into chunks of lists .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for the right number of intersections .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a reference from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure bad setv doesnt compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns one that can be used to add/edit database in a trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute adjacency connectivity from a weighted hash also namespaces .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new github activity article .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an expression to the data in the sentence .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if fitness is the fitness .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility method to cellname .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check if the function is running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  the login handler for numpy/scipy .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  convert a message protobuf to a message object .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches a pattern against a list of exactly offsets .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the default history jobs .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  calculate the graph of the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable for an arg to the arg .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  decorate the description of a description so it can be used as the destination node .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns the libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current db version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  given a bom error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a sequence to the primary key for the message .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  used to proportions the estimate of a variable and ztost for spectra parameters count : array the variable in the maxima of the maxima .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a number of bits to the power of the second kind .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create an rpc for use with tz-changes .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  returns true if the given user can be attached to the change .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the alignment of two lines starting with the same name as the first word in an authorized lines .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a report for a report from the given report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  check if http server making sure that the given host is set on the given host and can be set to a port or not converge .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  registers config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  generator that returns a list of unique events to send them to their events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output data in a template .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  using the __clrtype__ function .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  activate a key cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a list of colors .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a file from an enum field .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  set the attribute value that can be used as an attribute or potential attributes .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an eauth bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding crop to operator create a crop box for bounding bounding as new box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  does the node have a valid domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add package to the pkgs table .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  release to allow testing requests to remote .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function to aws aws aws credentials .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  test if a uri is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generates a string using the parent models .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode and endcodes data using base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the display spec for the specified canvas .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  returns the notepad configuration option selected in the configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  does the set of rules: resets the dirty flag for this thread .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  straight latex .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper to add temporary directory to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the url for a file or directory .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  tells npm for a vm using port .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  takes an instance of a date or a timestamp and returns the timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime string to iso8601 format .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running process with shell .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  return the input arg as clean the ndarray argument to vec .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the transaction database from the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses an upload blob field from the provided upload file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  repository the repository from a repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  resolve an http code to a search_service_pb .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  regression test for issue blank blank tokens .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the current container status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load the request from the django .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  helper function that returns a global str suitable for target id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  make sure that a connection is set .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform the expression into a latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a path to a directory .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to mark a function as an empty file .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the configured location of a real device .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge config .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  parse the table of the datestamp for each marker file .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  remove all keys from a schema that match a set of patterns and makes a dictionary of additional parameters for each schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  attach a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  enterprise methods which invokes the db to be logged in the class .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a noop function that returns the base64 encoded xml .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the raw token from the request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a copy of each set in a through each frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  execute the template and return the data as a template .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  takes a list of c{ancestorname} elements from a list of urls .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a nested object which contains all s3 classes .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculate the value of a numeric number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the [elementwise] geometric between two integers .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form for the basket form criteria .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the first inequalities of a given differential equation .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of performance .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  iterate over an iterable over the objects in the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  remove the yaml string contained in a yaml string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  generate transcript requests for the transcript instance .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  returns a form for each form of its files .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid xml path .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail when package is separated .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  fixture to test the binary test file creation .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port to the utm_* inserting the text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the given permission .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  gets data for the specified url .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  normalizes the input array along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with # should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the size of a file from a list of sequences .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  turns any kind of strings into a tg .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a page with an optional template context .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns a summary of overall ratings for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of the current click in a node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  edit untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for association to reach qos client .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generates the first group of the input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  returns the size of the device size .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one of the units and checker unit units filled by underscores .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit and sample routines on table weights .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text3d object to the current equivalent of the filesystem .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is hugs to import against a module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the use of os .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  sha256 pyglet that displays the opengl config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the path to the cola config file .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define a attribute name from an object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode the given string to utf-8 encoded .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  install the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if a variable has already had variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return the limit for a white filter .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the py distance between points 1d and vq .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  replace invalid-in-xml color must be printed to *rgb* .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns debugging data for a tracebacks location .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tables can take the tables within a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the suffix of a file name .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the number of binary bits that are in the given number of bits .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  add a sentence into string of tree to the size of the word .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack version string to the pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a javascript random length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return pid location of current pid .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate tarball .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a new client into the database .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url from the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  set up the insteon black .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level represented by its lock .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  display a list of rendered accordion .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv from the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load data in data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get list of files found on the system .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the session session and remove the backends data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  look for the date of a date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns an array mapping discussion_ids to respective discussion topics and visible if category is children .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the cumulative frequency xrd matrix in the yadis xrd document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get unicode based on project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  mark a sequence of filename as py3 .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid is valid for dpid may have changed .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce all the cluster and the cluster on the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  generates an instance of the specified qname .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset from the given column .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  } } for a set of polynomials .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys for the keys or deprecated .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count the number of roots of a particular osx .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode flag for the disk processlist" cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional graphs .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  derivative of the memory setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test quantity for info .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service on the vcpu service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  return expected bar for given mime-type id .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  detaches a disk from a virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return a regular expression object for a known-existing stack f .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a new constructor for a synchronized shared memory .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  returns the actual key for a key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the creation of multivariate types for the metaclass .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate the figure and redraw everything after every pylab script .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the items in the os .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively set up all files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for marking a function access to command line parameters access the function access url access the minion backend .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  computes a k[x] polynomial from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of the names from the given arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a character string into a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags that have been tags in the pipeline .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create arma correlation matrix converts arma to autoregressive lag-polynomial with k_var lags ar and ma might need to be switched for generating residual process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  configure the dag dummy .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  use the connection to connect to the ssh server .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the style dictionary and return the resulting library .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should list scenarios has list of scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get a aggregate aggregate .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a specific object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  how long before distributed its status code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a string and raw layer tile .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function returns the first derivative of the zoneinfo function which returns none .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move a loss from a batch of logits .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a helper function for computing the sheet period .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for gof the zero at time 100 .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the directory for the current default os .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the use of invalid values for invalid values .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  import content of a module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  read the classical p4 of type .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert seconds to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the string for the given class name which includes the stubs in the given class .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to import .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance is quantify vector as vector between distance metric .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render input data .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get all available logger classes .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  sends a notification email for a panel-like notification .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text encoded by a slightly encoding .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  kills syslog-ng .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  sorts a dictionary of kwa .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  creates dst on path and all the final directory .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns a boolean to be used as a unix timestamp .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  sets the learning phase and the value of the default value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  only load unicode data from hex string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  returns the first element in the job id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load value from an existing set of clauses .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  put to response provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates a sql query string as an sql where each string is the same format .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  this function is used to calculate the index of the data along the index .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  determine the path to the core binary .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file from disk .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory function .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns the items in a map .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  a crude way to generate a file that joins the file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the control service .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  return the printed output of func() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore plugin allows the jenkins to be published for this job .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the configuration colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a asymmetry message for testing .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create the default environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  stores the map data and break the appropriate map .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  collects the descendants for this company .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query object from the given table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory from the filesystem .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a datetime to a decimal according to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django users .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  convert the internal form of a list of tuples to the response .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  reads a url in the form file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract the special text from a page for text string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  handle the url for the login method in .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  checks if the roles is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test column and ensure that it is when one column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  check for all matches matches a pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return a message with the name of the texts module .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  add an accept rule for temporary directories to the specified host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow of a graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the data for a connection to the package .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if value is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the size is a valid size file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  table plot a legend plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a rotation matrix of shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate an xml tree generator .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a single image and a set of relationships for a figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  helper function to return the square of an array of sums .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  return whether the host is the pre-defined or in an letter category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish the vm .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  computes the md5 hash of the sha of a backend .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  generate all python packages in a directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  turns an iterator into a iterator that has a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  this only works on a file located in a given directory .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks that a file that contains the permission .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attribute list for the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container to exit on a docker container container container id timeout cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  determine the name of a function in n_jobs using parallel functions .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes the hex keys for a given pack key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  this is the package name to be a namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build an inverse group of primary samples .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  returns a country code that matches a country object and the number of country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search keys in keyserver .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove one or more entities from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a calendar record .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  returns a string describing an epoch or a number of epoch that are linked to be cast cast to the unix epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which alter the class to run the active active interface .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view page .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  view for toggling page .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a list of the translation translation matching the given language .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  creates a base on the cursor .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique and a random string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  runs the command editor with the editor editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the mode from the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  generate cgroup mountpoint from rendered .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return the python codec name of the given stream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a dictionary of the message database that the pipeline of a complete diagram .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear system .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a date/time string in an form that can be an array with the form and return a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor region that allows us to specify a file record stream as json .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of all the versioned id for a given resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate a batch of label with a word2vec word2vec by a label .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  check query with the alphabetically word and last word .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  allow the user to select an http prompt .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns the prerequisite content usage path for the given user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a docs to a new docs .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy query object containing the result of querying model value from the model table .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  things to tornado .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a string by rendering it as a number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get fast corners for dot product that are not np .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validate that a value is a valid one of the given type and a function .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  the dict is always osf .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  concatenate revision into a dict .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  search for cyclic pattern in a windows pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  force object to a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given patterns name matches any of the given patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the first root of the r2 .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  physicists polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator for converting an app to a single test .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a table in the database by fails .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a string and replies by name .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the token is a valid one of the current token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report view by report .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  like _clear_dict except for functions that are _clear_dict on the input dictionary .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle the text loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse an yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  merge current video to new audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called right after each process in the processpool .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  input() is a valid cookie .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse syslog-ng and weights .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  wrapper around linkers .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called when the source of the source process is shut .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  sample html of the feed page with its loaded context .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get elapsed ip as a tuple with amount amount .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  the left corner function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the actual approximation to the specified vertical range of the device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  return true if the header is found in the given header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the machine key from the minion .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  enforces a user limit .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom table sql statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given a vm status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  checks the lc_messages directory to see if the tag is currently there .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the standard directory to use for the process .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  try to support dictionary from readable to find the xml file .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a number to a more unicode string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete data that has been deactivated for the filters provided .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge a list of sample strings into a set of dicts .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being iterable to look up a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return a datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the ending line from the input line .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that note: true is true .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the previous es for the columns of alarm .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a pair of elements .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a storage instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  do some release files in the git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  called before and after each method is a class .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the system daemons information on the system cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  replacement for django entrez but with previous stack .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers specified in the renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  simple test function to set up nearby class .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter name for the desired adapter .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider data for a given providers .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the provided stride to size of the input stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current logical volume .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the vm .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command and process with an error code .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step that the path .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a value in the given dictionary .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module for a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check a parameter for valid decomposition of input indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check whether the data is a directory and optional auth names .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove all old remotes from the minion .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds an course to the instructor we have been selected generated from the given course modes and updates the course id .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading a table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  some devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  serializes a dtype to a np .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  return all summary available as a list .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs pip with the given arguments .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  extracts the path to the temporary url of the file that contains the image of a temporary file .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a naive value x at a time t and b .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize log .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  clean up any test cases where remove any test processes that if necessary .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  decorator used to support a function by passing a view class into a magic clause .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process for the given process name .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return the first child of the given data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  check if a series of a series of params .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value to utf-8 encoded value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma transformation matrix of ma coefficients by making sure the "items" covariance matrix of the form returned in the correlation coefficients to the normal intersections of ma coefficients
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outset the last message to server-side .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the vlm media instance .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  for your review attempt' .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  for each category .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  transform a packet at layer 2 .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available lighting devices .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the sequence in a fourier squared .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute a class with shape for a given cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  the assert function takes a dict and uses it to string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an iterator over all elements of a given type .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  like np .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments into a list of positional and split it into a dictionary .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db ip of the database .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: execute a test as a test to notification .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get complete groups from the current python group grp returns a group object .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx parsers .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the image as image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract the selected toc that contains a spinnaker of the given egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a rule using a tree .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a package that returns none .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an email to reports .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate the dir tmux version of each file in the given directory .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  convenience method for handling pluralizations .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  check the true if the additions additions can be executed .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a numerically stable function for babel models .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  low-level implementation of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets the log dashboard of a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses the parameters of the given results of the given results .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code when download a download file specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the average mean of each pixel .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if value is an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  generates an adapter name utf-8 adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  force array_like .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 t .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a very weird interface .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  produce a simplex distance between two vectors .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a new plugin .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  determine if rdp is on the name of the service .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging a single elapsed callback function which will cause a elapsed logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a list of the given textbook algorithm to the given textbook .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset keyboard the database to the current axes .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve the set of aliases based on the channel .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  stop a non-celestial .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about all elasticache api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters the list and returns a list of tuples based on the given list of dictionaries .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  aux function .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale to make the kelvin for the current locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  this is an alternative which yields indexing of an arbitrary hack when a groups that yields indexing .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  checks whether matplotlib is at least one of the matplotlib version .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet snippet the metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validate the namespace if it is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the remote options passed to this minion cli example: .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the exponential of the generalized exponential function .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return a probability distribution .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a response for textual data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  gets the request credentials and updates the http credentials .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes an rfc822 formatted date and returns a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the configuration file .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  get the python object from the uncapitalize .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the path to the bok-choy request .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  partial fraction for the sync table .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the filtering **tag for the current thread .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  insert new database connection .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an encoded file into vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to a single space .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove the given path from the path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from the command line to stderr .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a list of files from the user identified by the check .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  converts a passed in any equivalent to a tuple .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  write command console to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of keys of the named volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from one s3 bucket .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  calculate the variance for a given mean .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  compute confusion matrix in-place which can be used to lag dimension for a specific vertex .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a formatted time formatted according to the given buffer .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: outline should be ptbr as ptbr .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  filters - filters - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a dictionary for the given attributes .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup a function for downloads with the given function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file from s3 .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  custom view to change the users key of a value that has not been absorbed by the users key .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a local ip address to a server .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get current list of tuples .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the service and returns a list of plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an error message using verify_user .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data from the shared 6 seconds .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  method decorator to declare a single test if it is not available .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a positive integer when it fails .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  verify whether a phone number is a valid number object .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the data to a previous ports file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  returns a mssql endpoint from a mailchimp endpoint .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from cmd cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a hitmask triangular matrix .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  generates a list of rate limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return all metadata for a course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory in dirname .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show a single linux bufsize returns a list of strings cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the input .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the given command to the given directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find metadata in a version which has not a valid one .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the given class for the given class .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a vcenter from vcenter parameter .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user metadata or a header key .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  move a mixin table with the given params and outputs .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return the assist for the given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high scores as a game message .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  maps all backend and values to a tuple .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  annotate a list of paths that have the same name in the given list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if a point is in the given point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  recursively resolve all the supplied task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns the template string used for the current thread to interact .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a properties from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky distance between -1 and cholesky .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verify that manipulate strategy for configuration is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read exactly handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that the equivalent of the session builtin is called .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  convert the primary code at the given object to a python code object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the xpath case wrapped at the given argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get the http response data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge 2 dictionaries into one .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of files .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  a helper function to encode a string suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dict from a cookiejar of cj .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities and time them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize a console for the process .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a string for use in admin module .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  replace some chars that cant be present in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new definite .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the xml element and build a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  helper to clone a model with the gradient channel .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  get loader environment for command_options .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of the directories of the files to all the files under .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the in-db implementation of the same results as same .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url of the file containing mat for each file mat .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  get the authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo alarm globals .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return value of sequence as a deprecated moves .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the intersection of the channels of the input scale .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data from the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as syncing a function to be executed .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the md5 html with a given text .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for n326 .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  avoid saving before each page of the url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract mentions from mentions .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  calculate the backoff backoff for a given small .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  computes a list of matched pairs from a string in a python list .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line of the maximums line candle .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  runs android against android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a list with length of the given list of items in x .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the enumeration of elements in the given variable .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  look up the file tree of the folder from a folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover id for a container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a regular expression which matches matcher -- a regular expression to compile x .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  api endpoint for soap .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories of the given package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns the number of validation integer in the string serial number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  returns the points to use .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a previously running instance to save the migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  return a command and invoke data .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a document from fallback .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  checks if a file is a python file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  cleans headers for a given status .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds an xml document to nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  mark a reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  compute the whole predictions for the given dataset .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  handle uncaught exceptions when passed file object .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a latest url to the latest one .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response against the response and the response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood for each feature in 1d model .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the app_id argument specification of graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  decorator to avoid a user has permission to the permission view protection .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if a cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  checks if the given backend is enabled for the current autoescaping or a specific backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an effect of the flocker process from an flocker sample .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal targs termination targs - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a list of tuples in issubclass .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that the gpu result is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a datetime to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a bytestring or unicode string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return a np .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the course for the given course context if badges is enabled .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english foo .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the logging number of the path to the current optimized log file .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  helper function to retrieve a list of all elements of a given file results in the database list .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  pull requests off the legacy fulltheme .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is a file that contains test cases .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a feed file and returns it as a move string .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  return true if *obj* is a tuple of types .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind the parameters dict of parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  simple_stmt : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an update score for all assignment .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the radian list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate for example: .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  sort the first set of each value in aliases if any of the given aliases is set .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a created view plugins of the current plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid cross entropy function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  sets the path to the current environment .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  is the server starts up to server .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get instance flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the list of completed code for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  checks if a package is enabled for the given package or a file name .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is used to [0 .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  when there is no srcdir .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import and return the module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load authentication from a data file .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  zmq -> str url-decodes the characters of a dictionary .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return a list of all available package dist files .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  download a file from a saltenv file and return the contents of that file returns none if the files exist .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  merge the intersection of fields from a dict .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a list of pairs from iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a tuple containing the respect to a rpm version string .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe code fields from webuse .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  helper function to extract links .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index of the first .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns true if the given flags is an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  a class decorator that is similar to the given context .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  return the command of an hadoop command from a hadoop command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  the vertex branch .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return the path to the s3cache widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential center .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  use aristas for generalized layer to handle the most likely to the vmdk comapare .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test setting of masked values for masked column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a compatibility function to be a python string or a base64 if the argument is already a any of y .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return the popen oid for a sysctl .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scales an array of shape to save labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  write the summary of a summary message .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the procedure is empty or text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  call a single future .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  scans akismet fields and update its status .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  this makes sure that a repository is not used to read it .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an rois and rois within that project into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform steps for listing a non-false while for an i{option} .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  simple test for bug .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch package is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  checks for integer length using the nmax class .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test table groups with groups for a table with masked rows .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only unicode numbers are in the string s .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a cursor from a cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  handler for qute:gpl .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send email notifications on the given api and return a deferred .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  returns a new firebase note that the firebase user is authorized to add the current firebase user in .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from svgreader .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return the title or url for the node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an ordered list of dotted-notation tuples of the provider and -1 for the first given cascade .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  check if a tenant already exists return true if the tenant was removed or false .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  send notification to inform the trees .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a valid machine details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a named path from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validation .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type from a course_id .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove the directory from the vm .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  normalize the path name of a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a dictionary of hosts to use as keys for api .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get the source code from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch the branch matching the bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  shutdown the specified time in minutes with the given time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send an launch delete view for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 number .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the available html result .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get the list of all farness that help more than one .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file paths from the filename or directory .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  test directed graph g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a lazy page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of followers of a given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls django 1 .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a new gpg library using the given gpg level .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  takes a geometric transform and returns the resulting geometric arguments .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  replaces transcript subtitles .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  queries the specified url and return the result .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  somebody the current session as a unconfigure .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  dictionary to follow a utility function for a fixed doctests from a string and ignore it .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate a set of sequences for every --max_server_instances sequences in the set of patterns .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  respond to the git data from the git .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  test that a new-style acl after the aliaser api completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert seconds since epoch to an excel "date" value .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterates over all file names in a filename .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  retrieve disk stats from partition .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a dir on the given path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  check if middleware is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of tuples of the given user accepts a dictionary of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  returns the opengl opengl setting .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  df_modelwc -> str generator return a list of the corresponding reverse corresponding to the wikipedia of the corresponding reverse of the reverse of each type .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test the specifics .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a volume .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert the object into a list of dicts .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs a task with a postgres server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit use the last call history .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute an underscored grade from a sphere identified by database .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  get the specially value in the registry .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test discrete lyapunov with the zero considering .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that when we dont crash when a multiple of inclusive .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function returns the argument expansion of a given function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  this function is called by the shell .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the version of the appropriate repo .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  executes the given state as being egl .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes an input file to a given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  add a value to the current cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  generate all the elements of the given classes .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets all fixed ips for a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  helper function to resolve model class to classes .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the configuration for use with the clean up .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  unicode-url-encodes non-encoded characters in a given payload requirement: * asp * asp .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  ensures that all targets found in the nonexistent directory are met .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a share point number from a negative mesh .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  returns cleaned up content of a grep file .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  remove the given paths to the root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a dict that maps from a dict[key] to a key-value key .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split the path into part of a path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  wait for an existing client to the mongo required by using the direct referenced .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  returns a boolean value written to a string value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  makes the resource fields and their attributes .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression in a expressions that is the denominator of the expressions .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the list of all *locale codes for a given request .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get the migration record .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d operator .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns the keys for keys that match a key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  adds a comment to the end of a given payload with a clean 5 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  populate the string in the supplied tab instance .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  digitizer a factory to a given wsgi server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test the file that the specified config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the user prefix for system metadata for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized lower case of the current probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  the sym / ) to the |_ifdentry| .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a numpy matrix into a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event email .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test unicode bar titles .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix for the xonfig of a xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test database with a applications .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a port description string .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  import module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns the theano type .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  searches python code for a list of python names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic that is an re .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  this function normalizes the url for a media user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  broadcast from [4] .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the ftp url; for ftp and return the embedded embedded checker .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  helper function to switch an expression if the condition is started .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a filename into a html file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  truncating truncating of the given percent .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the asynctestcase group hist threads for each group .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  check an s3 access for a given key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test loading regression .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  request handling for api request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  returns true if the string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  mark a string as already deprecated .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return a random item of an element with highest func score; break .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from the path portion of the uri file .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information on open ports and states cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read node data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  check configuration files must be empty .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  wrapper around jitdevice .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of name=value pairs for each node in x .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach each roles representation of each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  runs the warnquota action .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  helper to make a list of the projector projs .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode a base64 data using the supplied data and deserializes it .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate temporary analyze file to use for temporary files .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  returns a date from the given date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad -> iterator repeats the elements of a list .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get a list of available input url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list wiki documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper for run_module .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given input to base64 .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get or create an anonymous anonymous anonymous cart :type cart_queryset: saleor .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user def .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return the name of the current daemon .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate email containing the start and save them for the specified date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  similar to the jail system .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison directions directions .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return the given symbol to split and periods into it .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated version of bokeh currently deprecated in iso 8601 .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given the system counts .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse the username/credentials out of an http header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate names for a shelve file .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get the bytes from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read eeglab data from fif file .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if the given path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  extract a list of cosine arguments from the http header .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  compute the mean squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of unique entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a version of the descriptors .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  returns a sortkey statement for the given item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory where ipython is the first half of the cache used .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set quotation on given price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get config from a display-name user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the volume type for a profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the distributed virtual vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  pure implementation of the uid algorithm .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  setup the philips tv platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its canonical name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve media version according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for a given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether two python grubby is installed and not the server .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  verifies until handler are actually known .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  get a connection to a remote host using the remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code is allowed .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to write a single key to a file and write it to a dictionary .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  remove new metadata tags from the metadata for the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  print a command and send it to the command line .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import of numpy arrays should be ignored .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure exception is raised correctly .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test kit ch files .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow users to use passwords to allow users via root .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces the name of a separator .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a single step correctly into an array of steps steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given package .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip reports with zulip .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check for existence of tawn 1988 special case: a1=a2=1 : gumbel restrictions: k : the tawn of tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of tuples for the resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterator matching the table prefix from an iterator of the given prefix .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  call new profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get run configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration from the file located .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group and group id from the group .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns the time when the clip strongly .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  predicate for the minion routine used .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  prints all middleware configured by the django application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  pivot function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put a bipartite keyname .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns json deserialized path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second jn or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all triggers from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  waitfordeferred -> str write the path to a function that returns a clever instance .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on lint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a solution to a solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute gradient of the keepass file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write a temp file to a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the system information from the given user .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  generate internal hash for a given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get the command to use for the current process .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  sorts d[key] .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  get reference to the hosts for the vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  returns true if path is a directory containing an absolute path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  generator to read the open file from a range of nodes .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  returns the value of the keys in the dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  this is a temporary file that is saved on an input object .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  print an error message to the form of the current user .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper function to run a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the resulting one access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the current database should be run by an open port .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if an account is valid .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given url in subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  return a list of the unique config directory to ldflags libraries .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample an amount of rows from a mixture of the underlying values .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  concatenates a given value to a theano param .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of ip addresses corresponding to the ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  generates a y xmodule json fragment for the specified fragment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return the native string representation of the string .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when creating a sparse matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  pack an iterable of bits into a single packed representation .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  <value> chunk to make this value (h) in javascript .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the osram pyharmonyglobal .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a finite random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  temporary directory for temporary cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger used to figure out an instance of the wrapped logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  given a list of torrent instances .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  undo the base64 defined by pen .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address based on device and optional address of the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  call this function if specified viewer is spawned in a background viewer .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a function using ansicolor .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the date format to a datetime object .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  tests zip file using zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates an environment definitions for working with the same name as the appropriate environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  converts a string to a column in yaml dictionary .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  creates a similarity statement that has the same distance as the statement distance from the similarity of the word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of numbers into a string .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the partition .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe an engine implementations on the plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits changes from a connection and resets it to the current transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns a 64-bit integer representation of the given matrices .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function :return: none if the main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to the specified instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  gets the standard uid and a user for the given user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a piece of uri into the link-local uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the temporal dimension of a 3d tensor in a vector .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  test that the version method calls the version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  generates a dataset with a shape and tests for tests .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to the feedback system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the path to the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  gets the snmp task id .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an exception if the parallel are in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent outbox .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  grabs the oauth uri to use for views by the given name .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  return true if the docker similarity is the product of the options: .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into a colname .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build an http user for a request and tenant components .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  update an instance .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load an image from a pil file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the value of the field within given field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the timestamp in the multiplier represented by any multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user location .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  adds a new library argument to the given version .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  checks to see if a pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns the current transport table cli example: .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper method to retrieve attribute names for a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of :class:target pairs in the interval [0 .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  uses byte to parse a bytearray .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in a given file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the main purpose of the table causes a counter to the given model .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the string value to the given line .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review form field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  print data in graph6 format to alloca_once() rfc1951 .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  variant of url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a set of scopes .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  call signature:: stats for "safe" functions .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily add team_count in the vim .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses an absolute token and returns a dictionary of the options .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  remove all http connections from the metadata if needed .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine whether the given unix socket is in the local region .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generic log error on application .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  copy the provided function as cook by the function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  convert all keys in dictionary to lowercase; .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  triggers a route for the application .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute variations loss for each ground score .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  returns true if the given ip address exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  convert a datetime object to the current timestamp .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  functional functional operation .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  used for the recommended object .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a file from a list of sources to a regular expression .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  determine the structured probe to reach a coffee character .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  rounded format a string in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open an image file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup app for sphinx extension .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  return the windows feature arguments: temperature(s) -- the optional operator .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  usage: lx decode-url [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for creating and translate translate units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  handle a new draft for the draft tests .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  common infinite queries to sqlmap queries up all existing queries matching the database .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the results of a response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  insert kind to new channels .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  find out if puppet is configured .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  returns the elimination matrix to the log distributed vector .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or raise a filesystem if it does not exist .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  reads the binary data .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  return a reference string made by the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the tool is a isoinfo tool .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update an argument .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run changes .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach from profile profile to cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  apply a allows you to a specified domain .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return final status of final activities as a dict .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a generator of paths to python targets in the path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  give decorator modules when they are loaded .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a connection for the unlikely zone .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns a dict with the default interface key for the interface interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the pac frame .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  if set .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render javascript content to a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  puts the repl into the user form .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  helper function to get a negative from account if the value does not exist .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private certificates .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs before the proxy project .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  handle handle you can use for a global database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return a cohort for the specified course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the current yaml settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates a thumbnail via 6 and then use the thumbnail params to create a thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  run a function on a sublime thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  compiles fnclex to set it .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  pass through supplied template data from the allowed object .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns the float of the elements in degrees .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  add or overwrite the chunk offset to a stream object and add it to chunk .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of the frequency distribution that are null by the -tuples .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given language has been considered to .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  fetch the port number of the semanage .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the variable used to process a jobconf variable from variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the path to the currently logged-in archive files .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a colour .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  handle a signal handler for a single file .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database record and columns of database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  converts this string argument to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two keys based on a key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether all of the names match all known patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  create an ssl copy of the ssl framework .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read configuration from the project lx config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the volume were loaded correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns true if the given uid has an [start_port uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  extracts the given string from the response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the tag count of an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  returns a new page with info .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  return the string with whitespace removed .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return the bom for the file .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  skip the given exception if the attrs attributes are not a database or volume .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the machine epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  sorts a list containing pairs in the filter .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone zonecode cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add the selected html to the node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a topic data to a tuple of .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  return a long from a long integer .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the specified mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the timestamp of a natural datetime .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all vms on the vms present in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  checks if the given value is inside a inside .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns data in the directories .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of the rst used for the console .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  chunk data from a chunk to a string .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the normalized cost of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which person organisation the person is the person of the person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  [elementwise] number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each other configuration .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get a review request for a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  get the previous previous hierarchy .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to the tool shed tool shed repository defined by the combination of a repository but with the same name .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to load values from a database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random sleep for accessing the specified period and sleep .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create python port for the specified python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a list of urls into the urls for inclusion in the local machine .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if the given value is a unique within the given enums .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a virtual controller for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to disk .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  2001: => root feature for set_subtensor and show as a list of sample devices .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  like make_wrappable() but returns a list of commands .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a installer from a site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the interquartile range of the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a translation file from the given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  calculate and return all available data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  call the inner image and resize the directory .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test one line labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  packs the root page for this service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the list of active sysprefix for this auth .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for horizontal spacing in debug mode .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts all features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and return a list of all ssh namespaces for a service .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  searches a directory and all its subdirectories in a directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  temporary directories are run as publisher .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return the 50th difference between two lists .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the given path location is actually a check .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  returns the difference between the first and the string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  a small test .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  helper to get the proj config file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  creates a class with the same name .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock tab from json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return html with the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create and write a file name to a temp file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the given function to repeat with the same arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  return a mailchimp that is allowed to connect to the mailchimp dict .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create the size of a call to use with the nearest nearest height .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get the tree based on the pants project .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  add the schema relationships to a method in a urn element .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list of message sizes for use in a list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  coordinate coordinate implementation should give the loadbalancer distance between coordinate strings .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  allocate a message for the current session .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize value into a network .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  the main function .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  when a message has been replaced by default .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that converts a function to a python function .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit by given limits .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple test cases that is passed to the expected type .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  forces utf8 compared to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the parent of the desire desire in the list of paths .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  breaks breaks before each line of text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  generate a member to a member .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  simulate a perspective user .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this decorator to raise a fake exception if they are not a allowed argument .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a simple argument to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key from a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the mlab representation of the non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  function decorator to compute the default elementwise function elementwise in package_dirpath .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorate a method to be run via an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  evaluate a spliter expression to the 1-std system .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if the supplied file-like object can be handled .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  initialize a list of integers for use in the given promoted .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a clip and return the clip of the given cov .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert an integer to a list of integers .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a map of text to a dotted file .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace all the newline of a dict with the lowest newline .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  helper function to get a enclosed server preferred for a given server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the number of words in an iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  return amount of taxes associated with given money line .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  the file names of all the given file store .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the creation for a lambda function .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the initialisation of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  updates modulestore to pixels .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  lower(s) -> .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  build a cython module cix element tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  gets task information for a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a matrix .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add simplified loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  the list of crows for an ast line number of values in the list for ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes the string and an identifier and returns a message object .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return port number of string value - useful for lists .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  generate nodes in a directed graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  a generator for tricomi a simple sequence of size n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  to generate a 2-d array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  creates feeditems for the specified adgroups .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read a node zones from a metadata file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl configuration and opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test inserting model creation from python model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the current request information .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with the given value and construct it .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear cache for given user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split a test into two joint es set and the same number of assembly .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db directories are recovered after the on-disk file .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a dict with all the data in the current database that corresponding to the given name .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  copy each source file from source to the destination directory .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle containing a worker file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load this plugin allows the build as a build parameter to where the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse for the jenkins builds .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete specific {msg}' .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert pure complex into a complex string .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  test genextreme for #5350 of distribution .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy specified project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a server console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  call the bucket from the compute mode .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets password page .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 http rgb array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly url .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  use this function to obtain the membership of the interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders the contents of a certificate template certificate template context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator for a character that yields the possible character of the zmq items .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  converts a string to json so that it can be embedded embedded value: input .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random expression examples .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available []query .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a module-level endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  resize a file system on the partition <from-minor> to the parents .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment of a given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines whether the given django settings should be considered as a django package .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  create an initial average for a measurement .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  return a value based on a flag .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  merge the jobs which were completed as a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  list all chip .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  return the path to an hdfs path .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  query the metric page .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unload the initialization module if it is reporting or is place .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  decorator for notify constraints from specified foreign constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  returns a nogotofail object for the current thread .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  build an iterator of all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test helper for creating dependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the given tag that has a child tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print a string for the given color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove the old file to be used for logging by the specified directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a list of service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve an explicit module by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a true if the value is a boolean .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return python keys in python documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return a list of dsym dsym dsym file names .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test to ensure names are properly specified in the correlation .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  executes the given command on a specific iteration .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  list integer visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json data from json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the number of rotation angle between rotation .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a cookie into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  this function takes an object and a rsaobj string .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to return whether the object passed to string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir of a functions derived via its default arguments .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a function that can be used to look for a stub .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  generate beautifulsoup nodes .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a state to the queue .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a signal that allows you to override the customer api to handle the customer parameter for the customer .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract configuration and set up a configuration value .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a registered instance from the secrets blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to do a policy validation function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to the provided request .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the edge height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate docker-py fields in validation and thunder:// .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  return a consumer object suitable for the given request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  performs a random string on each zmq request .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  waits for the scenario to be ignored .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  return a binary string or unicode if it is an unicode and is not to be encoded .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version string to the postgresql version string .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  this is a helper for the ndarray of a .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the modules in the path is set .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  return value of xs with spaces .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute whitener noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  build the appropriate for the module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile compile valid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  find all tokens in a source expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an in-memory workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks along the prepares value is less than a specific host .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the dotted segment on the given machine .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  getattr -> str like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file and store it in a google cloud .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  handle compiled database for something that use several type .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face indexes corresponding to the edge list .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a specific version of pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the twilio layout .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine zero or more column strings into matrices .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  the content of responses .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  folder add form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a file and yields lines from the given data .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  test contextmanager to watch when index/indices is added to watch .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  add any environment variables to the module .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  clone a task to a new one .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the static files to the static directory to the unique root directory .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator to support certbot drivers .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  set the virtual pkg module and retrieve the pkg method as a module .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns the path for the given rich_text .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  resolve the given tag name to a dict .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  due to migration .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a matrix to the current list of values .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns the token for a user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  returns the average font font - useful for a given css font possible - none .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns an identity matrix of the identity n .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  ensure that column-expressions works properly saving properly on log .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a given message to appear in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of n and z .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  a collection of the data being created .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return a list of :class: .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child of a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the given longest id .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  given a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  get the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  sets a libvirtconfigguestinterface configuration for a vif device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a list of parsed dates .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  the inverse of the master .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a list of all the zen found in the database .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the xdg configuration directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  look up the unified that the size of the input arguments .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  takes the pdb wiki dict and walking a chain .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram with xrange .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test clean up after each test .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if we only load the mysql module is available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  the forget is the forget policy data in the mutable environment .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a valid config type used as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp factory to the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the path to the rely paths at path given .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit on exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  installs a plugin from the desired site .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  sends a sigterm to the process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  remove an iis preference or esxi files found in the configuration file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get loops going to a given direction .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  the revision of the currently selected revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  display an application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  serialize the given form field on the server-side page .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  replace any ascii character references .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creates a new user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the guard is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter the xml in advanced .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a pretty format from a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the path to the cola tarball .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  get the color color color .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to the runtime yaml file for the builtin module location .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls :returns: status_code .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  the volumeservice argument passed in .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  calculate entropy of y less than n .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns the path to the generate profile .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generates a mako map rule for each of the given map in the given rules .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule url for the given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper function to output the logging system .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first stack of the members of a list .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds two targets to the parent nodes .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorator that skips a test if the test method is in use and host_agent_types .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the input data has been initialized .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  a helper function to nlmeans a pipeline from the first hylist .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  lookup a template for a device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  returns a role matching the specified name from the database .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  generates html string with symbols & safely .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the details of the volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is 400 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  floscript: the *any* *any* on the determinant of the determinant api .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as self .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  ensure assets to be removed .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all the empty tree targets .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  generate configurations for a module .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  check neutron .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules that the current environment for this module .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  check for the named image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  a string to be used in a string that is an ascii string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches data for passing files to choose .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given node to the parent of the given parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert bufsize into a tuple .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  converts a rule to its binary expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert a value into the target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  verify a given user .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  custom method for scripts .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  get the request header from the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of user ids .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string argument to an hexadecimal string .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts all the data from the href .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses table column .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop the image to the specified dimensions .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file into a string .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return list of 64 used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of arrays .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that all have exactly the same number of rows in join_type .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return true if the named service is in the user .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  returns a list of product spaced second from the order of finite .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the string to a bytearray .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  encoded s in utf-8 if not already encoded or unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  takes a list of internal data and turns it into a list of internal version .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a class that has the same name as the top-lebel constants for the class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  extract the sequence of instances on the given sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a syncback fieldset for a fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  retrieve the thread count of a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  like human readable time durations .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a persistent certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a partial tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: scenario -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  change the alarm of a given number .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore at the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the assert title in the given response .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  trims wrapper .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  render an grant values for the given values .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to make a valid date format .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize the url to mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink the decorated cache from a dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing the supplied grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two instances of bytearrays to the global connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase for the given head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  partial version of theano variables with respect to 1 .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  dumps string into python journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return true if the expression should be inserted .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a time .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  registers the given log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get next by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing *func* in nopython mode .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  returns the local dict for the given local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  safely check api function to check for low .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a compatibility version of bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  change the blockdetection handler of the context for the duration of a with block of the context manager .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  return a dict with specific value for each type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns a new expression for the type given as key .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  get the path to the configuration directory .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  this function returns a list of active certificates .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that mangling can produce floats .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  obtains a proper proxy dict suitable for the given proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of a number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the most recent snapshots snapshots .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign of a tensor .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate a string representation of an cr .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function to get a single sample size for a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login page for the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the conductance conductance cut algorithm .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return base64 encoded data in base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the project factors of x x as a list of arrays .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  delete the database tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return the windows feature for the windows platforms .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  unary_expression : assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a mask into a slice mask .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create weight initializer for manifest purposes .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns each of the function for each level of its level .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  returns the discrete logarithm of the gamma log for a given one n .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the given range .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a specific aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return active data for the current active contributors .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  create a class for a class click .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge options for the current environment env .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if user is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  convert a penn strings to a float .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x and y when x is vectors .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  page through authentication system .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  returns a dictionary of all the file info in a package .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  visit results of all objects and match the original list of objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root directory exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace math in the data .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the argparse parser for the specified argparse option .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  a human-readable notebook notebook as a string .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a helper function for the csrf handlers .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run the console window and write the result to it .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a permission user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a a dictionary of the reserved dictionaries containing the items of all reserved services .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find paths in current dir .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  prints error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given function node is a astroid node .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss for a trainable class .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  logs analytics event for events occuring within celery tasks .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a class from the class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into a list of strings and group size .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a docstring for the sqlalchemy template tag .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return an absolute path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  try to get input from the python version .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  create a feather-format object from the correct image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  resets a google api for a google storage from the current yahoo .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax has loaded on the mathjax page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities of the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform label on the region adjacency graph using attr .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  returns the network id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the exported loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return the contents of the file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single table into an iterator of source .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out circuit in the given way .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  creates a table for a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  takes a snapshot of a template id string .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the given type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return string "none" and 2 .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages installed on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translate a snapshot to a cinder exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an items into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  the ssl table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return array of an array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get a list of strings that can be included in different hue .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a provider and a list of inventory .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  for each component .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve the status of self .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper to extract variable value from variable if variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email notifications to the configured dashboard .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test for equality .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback for the queue .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  drip drip .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return an rotation matrix in rotation by rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirect to the review page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to set the temporary flock to a temporary file .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns the random set of x in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a dict .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if the query of a filter in the query .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  called when the server ends with deny .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears out all alarms on the alarm alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse data from a buffer offset and returns the buffer that is a buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a pathname object as a regular expression .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn file from the device .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate that document is an bson .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dict from a cookiejar of cj .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the dbref of a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  decoder for continuous phi .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a backend names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the matrix cosine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the do_handshake header of a uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested and non-nested message types .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns fully unicode representation of a model .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  convert input image to a binary image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix to use in a 2-d matrix .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that can set by a node that has been set in the config .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  forces hex color to the given data .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create potential potential description from a blinker kind .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut size and a new value for a specified volume .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode record .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  build a galaxy provider that has the given lun id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check if the historys contains the specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer representing the serial file for the given filename and last access file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  read a convenience from an asset certificate .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  cast string from json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a key from a file and return its length .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the downloader line number within this external downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check for a file .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the text as a unicode string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a convergence status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the temporary url for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the canon for p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to help remove an image from a course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  dynamically add a validator to the user .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  check if there is expired or is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get vector3 path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a threadpool class out of the given class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a function to check if creating a single socket is available and returns true if the access to the function is invalid .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: cucumber-testresult notify config file for the build process .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use a scoreiat() to find a timestamp and timestamp for future use .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  helper function to return a panel with a data structure .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  given a path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the repository for the current working directory .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this function prints sqlmap and automatically creates the new one .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges two dictionaries into a single string using init .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used by a list of used images .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generator for a set of sequences .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  like 3920 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  recursively dereference the namespace or hierarchy to keep it in a member with matching line .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns files to be used in a bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  helper for the directory extras .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates the operations needed for api and returns a new instance .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert 4 or more plotly figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  this function ensures that a protobuf db supports a klass .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gammacorrect the labels after the plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test write info file with i/o .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of queues .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a environment .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a new name to the beginning of a value .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  a mask for defining a list of events .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping in both .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of n kind of z .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum based on the data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return id of a particular host .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates that value is an integer or can be a valid integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with forums .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return the list of nanoseconds of the running ppid .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that bad header with bad start and that it does not crash .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  returns the hash of the pickled data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a permutation_test_score is equal to a 4d point .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  up the default authentication authentication policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random url-safe base64 encoded random seed .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  helper function for :func:sqf and :func:factor .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary of the value of all the file options for an option .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  outline a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  in python 2 this is a no-op .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server for the user .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  return true if the current file is a file .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  get the named sources from the given directory .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return whether the path is absolute .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  get all templates from available templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of available compression error id .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  accepts a dictionary a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set sha1s and tag sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get or disable axes for a time series .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy files from src to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer group types: restful crud controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  helper function to check if a machine exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the logging message to the connection .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  generate a native tag element based on the plot-schema tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a set of test classes that a given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  set the objects of all objects below the given object .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  cyclic_find is the position of a sequence of tuples into a list -1 list .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a given string for texts .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the main entry point for packages .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests workflows errors do not support the python object automatically deleted .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named user does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  for polling compatibility .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns the current administrative initialized via the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  function to alternative the string from the end of a string .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  shows the score for a test run .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  accepts a command and returns the commands as a dictionary .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset prompt in bug .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  the character is an encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of length n from the udivisor p .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  checks if the current site is the current site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if it is a decorator at cwd .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : declarator .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output opt .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  determine if a set of fromptdf is saved .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test name of a canvas in a canvas .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return a list of the elements in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a boolean indicating whether the given stl is greater than the prefix of a layer of the test module .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the codec for a file system .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the sections for any of the config file .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy summary domain object as an save entity in the given collection .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified relative path amount .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  returns a slice of shape containing list of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  get the profile model matching the noneprofile .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a random projection matrix that can be used to random numbers for adjacency .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database if the user exists .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove unnecessary headers that are not in the case of this is the been generated by the user .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a rate as a protobuf summary to the assembly .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run line-by-line on system code .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release current pre-amplification value from an equalizer equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = arrays for each pair of rows x in x and y in y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete one or more tags from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix the hac pointer in the depend file pointer .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the absolute path of a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast for current process .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  get one provider from the provider concerning the provider .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  test whether the factory method should be used as a proxy on the decreasing .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return a list of tuples of fastq .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with random numbers :return: a random string value .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the browser contributions to use .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of a number .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the current user .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the total number of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  sets up the test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  the safe function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a file from the waiting filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  generate an affine file from a file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed sample for an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the indices of non-zero elements of a given array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  split the given variable using the given hint w .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  convenience function for separaters .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock mock .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given doctype .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape a string so it can be used as an attribute in a fragment .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about the about the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns an annotated dependencies of css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  iterate over an iterable over the objects in a dictionary .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check if the given amount has been uploaded .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is bad one normalization to another link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  return a column of a column column string .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  returns the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns the content as a string .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  the scope names of configured word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  the main fct fct .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test that an error is raised when the current vim exists .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  this function converts a creation sequence in the form passed in list of replies .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : map sep enum_seq | map enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plots plot and a distance matrix .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  used to create the validations file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not own these systems .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  format a static path to a static file .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the current rss url for the given rss url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  build ngram list of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  single view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  serve a file descriptors only on the given request .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the parent argument list is not cc .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running services cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete configuration options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge a definednames using keys in a task to keys in another task .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  utility method to return the module object .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  group a sympy expression for a sympy expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  basic address for naptr use this interface if necessary .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision flocker commands using any commands .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return binary data binary repr of a binary file .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  private method used to decode the device extents the total device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert an decrefs date/time number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq rabbitmq server .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute the function for a cluster with permutations and down .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute an integerfield .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a function that will add a child as a child of the corresponding definition .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a currently installed version of the package .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verify that certificate has been verified in the certificate dictionary .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  automatically remove files and add the list of directories to the repository .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  constructs a constants from a protobuf query .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect size for a random number .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the audit and end time from database .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of existing elements from each element in the list .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  test that url works with existing credentials .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options and address .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip making an ip address is inside the cidr address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure all the named data can be installed .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the volume tag from an ec2 volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  return database record name from database or none if there exist .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  helper for sorting .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  check for missing client .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  insert a new set into a new iterable .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  conditionally prefix for prefix values of a user with the specified prefix .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  creates a wsgi-compatible specification for an iterable object .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  set the name of the user id .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  redirects to azure view page .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  default get_id .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if stream is in stdin .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check if positions has been montage .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  the function to be used with scenario 2 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deleting a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if the current site is enabled for this a given request .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  simple alternatives rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  switch to the server density .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a user from a client .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view and lets the user choose detail lets .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a protocol message for the value of a protocol message .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a database record for a given db .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random k-out url .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively walk a function and all values of fn .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p in the constant in the domain .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  runs the main function entrypoint by the app engine api .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to an sqlite3 jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  creates a new plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  use as a decorator to wrap methods that use sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes the given stream to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  helper function for python code string to convert valid string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure hugs contains_one_of characters from mapping file uuid to 12345678 .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  determine the list of available ctid .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  the entry shed to the received panel panel .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a package version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  some equality are within some equality and static arrays .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test arithmetic cov creation .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details of the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list all breakpoints in the current dir .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in file from hdf5 file system .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  cleans up tasks for a task .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate circular circular nodes for a given nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate a random string .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for rfc 0 .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  returns matching of the first matching filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  natural natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a dictionary of topic trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that converts a callback function into a callback function .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  returns a boolean value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit quotes in s with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have students as a background task for a problem .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary expression for reflected .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for the query to construct an authorization token for a file .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings using gaps .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict of all the keys of the dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the password passed to the password hash was correct .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a dict with the given state id as a list of dicts .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should be called .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  extract the fields of a log row from a log file handle .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a list of nodes in the graph .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  convenience function: checks whether the two ranges from the given time .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  send a pending system to the pending server .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by basis .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return the module of the given module crossover .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  walk each setup each directory and all the setup directories .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  return details of a vpc vpc peering id .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  build a location from a file or folder .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid color class name .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize a sequence of obj into a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert a bytestring to binary string .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle different indexes for each row in a remotetestresult .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  list folders for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the linear gradient for the end of a sound start .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dictionary of all the dirs registered in the bucket .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  returns the number of positive elements of n in the higher order by the target n .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect a dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  allows a time intervals to the presence of a delta of a time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper to apply a model from a configuration item .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  computes the rank for the unrank function .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test suite of css defaults for each shell .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper to check if the decorated file has a list of loader files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of theme names currently registered with this api .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  compress the sync_num as a socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns the user colour-coding if the current user has an identity adding .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo directory .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get the percentage of documents in the root .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator used to mark a testtools test case this decorator is useful for any of the testtools test cases and will be run if a testtools stores that a test
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the build platform name for the current process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all compute services .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  helper function that checks if a scheme is at least one of the given scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the configurations path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean nans with openbsd 2d numpy array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that places load on the cluster by performing request .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function for making the iso list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the keystone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  turns the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this makes sure that all conflict can be conflict .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a etreefx request object .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  helper function to get extra dictionary for reverse calls .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  test if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test the creation report for a topic .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  pixels pixels .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine whether the specified repository is a malicious revision for the specified app id and its metadata revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to temporarily disable an instance of sendredo .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a valid serial serial serial code for bond0 .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  checks if we are running on python2 .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the regular expression for both the given class and the changes .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  a fast representation of a demo network .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  submit a paused job on its queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete logarithm of a theano function as x .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via its text .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a scene name and converts it to a scene format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  helper function to convert unicode strings to regular fields .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs a pseudocolor clusters on the input data .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  this function takes a syntax and returns a new one that has the social error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy the file system scaled to the file system .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  builds a generator for each count of type it can be written or a stream .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates that the given model validator has a validator within the validator .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  expose this decorator to expose actions for creating an action button .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a list of tuples by a set of symbols .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the fetch from the user .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sphere test objective function that generate a sphere .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the powershell app is on .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  returns a new expression that has the same as the current compute fu .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  splits a sequence into roughly .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print procedure to a layer .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a get_home_dir() distribution for the current thread .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  display the usage of a given message .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks the checksum of the keys in keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  allows us to load cli example: .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  estimate matrix of a sound using the estimate of the correlation matrix ar and ma : array_like sequence of observations process .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  get a list of changesets for a given repo .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists on the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form for the form set .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine on a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  run a shell command using subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  create an oauth prompt for use with a web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_edited_an_exploration to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  works like comments from the given fobj .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = np .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  return a function pointer to a cffi pointer for a cffi cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  call both exit and hosted exit .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a user .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a string .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop the resetdb .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is 'class .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lowess the inner function at the given width of the threshold point .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs space to use .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  return true if checksum of a list .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  collects a set of parameters for a given graph and shared parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer description :return: returns a dict .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a value to a column number .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  equivalent to the slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data body .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of team ids and analytics revisions .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  set the user module if the kernel is windows .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom entities .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the behavior of the list in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save line to .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  get the user from the current request if it exists .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a generator to set the immediate level for the given request http request .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive argument .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait for prompt to send .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  issue warnings with a problem .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  registers custom page class as a delete .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domains provided in domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds given settings to the passed settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the host] binary sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract step steps into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  assert that the switch for ob .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup fritz!box call sensor sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  checks if the alternate source is fixed by the query .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get the url of the current request see url#request for the app .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads bytes from a file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if args is available .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the look up a session file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  forces utf8 compared to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  random()*i an image from a png image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the line of the given column column as new line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old database cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test labels values in the reader .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the clip easier to the clip of the clip passed in .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test the random number generator with random number .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a tuple containing the schemes files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  generates the provided header of all input data .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  checks if the given user or closed cart :type cart_queryset: have .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the class for each infile: at time .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being iterable .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view for show all the available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals on discussion model .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of words in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a helper function to read a zipfile from a file or a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  wrapper for djangos stim routine .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the cache for a mine based on the master and uses the depth value of the query .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a list/dict for a given filename .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and delay for the specified getfinder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check that a collection is sorted by a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a string representing the minimum index of the input individuals .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update a change to travis configuration file to a file .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  internal helper function to test vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up a line in the total file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  the main algorithm used to calculate the flocker-control of array a and b commute for this array .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: path should be ignored when different mode .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  timezone for converting a location into a datetime .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the distance between vectors and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove senderkey from the sympy file senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the user and login to a login group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the configuration backend for the specified module .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we were running numbers properly .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  uses the multipart question to make sure that the request files can be read again to properly pass in the correct values stored in the file extension at the url
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create a new autoscaler for the specified instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  performs one optimization per inputs .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a string from a process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  makes a environment from a list of reading .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  given the dict of inputs to a collection of their reduce values .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  audio audio read from the returner returns: out: .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the given screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a maximum statistic for a non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  returns the version of onionshare that is part of this version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to execute a docker client and wait for the connection context .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generic method to apply the profile profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a and b are equal within the results of two floating arrays .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether the user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the system is if a file is running otherwise return false .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the long .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize the global black file .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type for project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to the data home directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the tls address .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive xml tree .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  generates the activation from the activation defined by samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get the list of objects from name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove links from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group report by field for a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the key/value pairs of the event given by using the name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  exclude epochs .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create a pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  returns the difference between the two numbers .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a new blockdeviceapi object .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the aws gateway of the instance backwards the model and their java controller .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  inject all xmodules from the surface into a frame .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the current language codes to the context for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get list of doctypes from test_records .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  non-nested long as a .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a test view for the chargeback method .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  add a single field to the field of the filesystem path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  use the rest api to authenticate with the users data .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return a credit: for the movie algorithm in stone .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk header file and return as numpy .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the results of distance groupings as a list of distributions .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete temporary files contained in the folder .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get the due date for a posting party .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a simple entry point for bringing a authentication store .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  shows the available about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to an int .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  the safe function to safe valid region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  like methods .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a response .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  queries the query for the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager which launches the temporary virtualenv for the code of a with block .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a adatetime .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  get the canonical dict of a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the log of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of all courses courses to the given course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  generates a file name for the current thread .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  does a function .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like print_exc() but supports nodes .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  create a file in a namespace .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container id into a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get database frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse a dict of flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about the info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test on operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email address .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  configures the params for the changed package .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default cloudpipe for a cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns the number of bits contained in an image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize image at the image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test for a cache user .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup z-wave binary sensor platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  extract name from a string value .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to a file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth data for fif .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply a function or manipulates on a sequence of objects .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out a single file .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  sets the providers as an sequence of classic devices .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  a signal receiver to create the user preferences .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  skip test if the test test fails .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans flowgrams content to modify all flowgrams in the sff .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  convenience function to add a keyword arguments to an object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  takes the applications .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  a function to call a function with a given name .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  returns the *l1* value of a 2-d point value in y mode .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if each decomposition of y is unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  load all valid modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns true if the list of renewal is probably a single part of the remote host .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test when warns is called with no extra requirements .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  the value of the generalized exponential function at the next root of the specified relative frequency .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the 1-norm of the targets in the passed horizontal .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a new process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend the two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the padding of byte order of scipy .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works as closing .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch the username for a given fetch .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  validate project driver for nested driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign the given object to a specific object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of the user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  helper function for quickly whose attributes are html .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse the key/value pair in html forms into a dictionary .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return a set of for an infinite image .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the page context for the given template from which extension .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  try to find the system used by the current locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  return the information on the system and not installed on the system .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete the usage_key_string as deleted .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  return the outliers of a and standard predicative this is the number of words in a .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a string to a valid python name that it contains .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the next secret from the current machine file .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  print a string to a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate topics .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create an instance of the page identifier for events based on the resource .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user name to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a :class:flask app instance configured with the given settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  gets the results of pipelines in an artist string .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indices of the gamma .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler to change user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces for two independent checks .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  generator for sorted list of commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes multivariate results for a normal distribution parameters white : result of the optimizer .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a oauth token to use for the given ref .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if tp is available on this host .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  return iterator over conll corpus in the file .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  helper to split the list of groups for candidate .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a string consisting of the default database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given an active dump .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  get a database engine .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return the content as a unicode string from an http header .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  make a figure and a figure .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that have trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get all packages found in the root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  removes the local context for the local stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write information to fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  split a string into previously time .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper for checking if a dict is not a list of active characters .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the csrf text from request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  find the service in the current process id .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read exactly data from a char to sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the value of the core apps for an app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a document from a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to table .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a mime buffer and returns the detected object .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  adds the api to the queue .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  append the path to the specified portion of the block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  wraps a order_totals context with the default locations for the default purpose .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  does the dirty have a positive hash of the given data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function which is a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source node .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  emulate sqlobjects data .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  convert a string of bytes to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  returns true if one element of the given list is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a node .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  wrapper to echo strings to session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group rule exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some sort of interactive window if the users preference say we cant .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot a vms to vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a volume object in the migration .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a module instances from a module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  calls seconds .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute the change of a change between labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into xxxxxx and the rest version of the path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates the upper triangular matrix for each state .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic dynamic string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  dangling wrapper for chain() .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  type: - list: a flattened list of tuples .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dictionary of version information .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop dtmf section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  return the repr for a module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if the css exists in the table and return a table for the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return true if the request is in the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the dictionary with the elements in iterable that have none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function to hide a hide button from the one feedparser feedparser button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the item from the list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a string with many unsafe characters removed .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  attach bson variables used to locator builders by the apiproxystub .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return the latapy clustering for nodes in g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  add or unlock a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  template for writing list functions to use in a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  generate a graph from a raw graph .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set detailed enable file .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  remove special characters and converts them into constants parts .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the most recent measure of a given list of en-us .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  asserts to latest version of the resource .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure given create is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  import string from the object and return a dict of prefixed class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test wrapping a transformer file .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the beginning of the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta result slot .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  determine if a path exists and returns it .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read flat parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  retry test run as flaky .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the ps for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col starts and col if both 59171828 and table .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the iterable that contain a list .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  direct legacy template to the template context .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test the variable codename" .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tab for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  converts string into an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints the list of tuples in the form each row .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  negotiate websocket to the upgrade version .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian of the pressures problem in a system - the pressures n-dimensional stats - az^2 values are the pressures - p_0 .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the cisco vendor from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  check effect of the ico nearest map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  output of password reset and handles the password request .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  reloads syslog-ng configuration .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns the elements of the elements of each vertex operator as a number .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to hash a password hash given the hash algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  commits the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  handle pep 302 number .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread pool for lock .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  return a trivial graph with trivial on the given create a hub .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is a hash .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks that make_pairs template is deduced for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy raw objects .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  search for a given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  returns a subdictionary object based on clamav of this prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  this function does a regex to return a valid python string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  fetch the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject a unittest test suite .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more mountpoint cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  launch the restorecon restorecon for a file .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check if site-packages is microsoft major for doc .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a mode .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a simple group with simple group .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent is a string and referenced by the current agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check if the partial fields are valid .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to upgrade .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode an 8-bit from collectd header string representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  hypergeometric test objective function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current auth with user with details using the db api .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python function to unicode .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  try to discover the version of an ssh server .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract snmp from a snmp snmp if the data is the snmp string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the current api version from the tap table .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to find the translation of the python script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content for the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of numbers in a list .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  makes an ndarray that munging multiple values .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to high] .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a public keys from cls .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator for views which alter a view only be used with the given view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown completion .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator that the function exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  flatten a string to ascii .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is the location of the suite .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the solrs from the expectation expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text to a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the cert to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the current traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the hybi-07 hash on the size .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  deletes registration .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of a matrix from a list of longs .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method for getting the actual user can access the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the length of the shortest path lengths in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  helper method to generate a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  main entry point of the file .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the escaped text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the xblock it to human readable id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that marks an auth function as exempt from the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a database cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  import module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  prints out user info to stderr .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f modulo a constant term in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular step steps into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for chops the form of a string and returns a partial .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  convert an arp ip address back to the destination .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns hash for the file system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether or not the computer will be disabled when the x serve enclosure events is engaged .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  computes the precision of a list of pdf objects .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose the permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  parse the expected arguments to a function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the database task details .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  send an sms phone number to a phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an instance of the exponential delay function for the given localpath .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  takes a basic stream generated by the notes library and returns the notes data .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test ica twice raw data raw raw twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  skip a test if a database has the named module .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a json story suitable for use in the given api .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of tracks api using the tracking endpoint .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function compiles a set of score .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return the csr_file urls for the given cluster .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns true if the executable is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  click the given element and wait for the given tag .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the received time chunks of the given prioritize .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to return key/value pairs for the respective target that is a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  check all courses actions for the given user and return a course of courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns theano tensor as a number of bytes .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  this function computes the hash of the user in use .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes a injects .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test application that uses a feature .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns true .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a socket to a file .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write rst to file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  return predefined results and stderr .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  generate a list of tuples .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the keystone package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  helper function to call conda .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns a function which returns the join of the graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of bootstrap settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  function used to track the logistic loss as defined in the model .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  filters all elements in a list by handling the pootleenv .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a function to be executed for the shell script .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find fmts type by fmts .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test classes classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the region code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  generate an image that spawns the required image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  replaces each space character of the start of a space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string per line .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  encode the input .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the total number of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user is the current user .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a set of valid variables in current namespace .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  given a query string and a dictionary of bindparam objects .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this is a time subject subject to make the ndarray of each number of steps x .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename and return a dictionary describing it .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  create a list of the info of a configuration file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  cycle the host from the xenapi host and return the host reference host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return a string containing the given alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  decode an http response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  coverts a datetime object to the same expiry date as the expiry date object .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clears the logs stored in the current logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  metaclass for them .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the line number of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  format text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of table names from the table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  return the index of the given line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  create a minimal :class: .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  update a group .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle clicks on the given node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  generate a random job based prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  helper function to check if d is used .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the line of the given width period .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  tests if a filename is a zip file for filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  log base class which catches database when load data and log it .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  return the rows .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  return list of hint tuples in bad sort the bad position to which hint .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing the output of a feature quotes with double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke tasks to be rescored from a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the attribute of the given attributes value .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  runs a command on python interpreter .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load current redirect to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks the field has a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test that a table with unbounded columns .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse string at the beginning of each word kind .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add or remove the previous namespace found in the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  tries to get the protocol from the given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast arg or bytes to the type .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a timestamp formatted for a timestamp .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a template messages that is dynamically filled with a :term:view context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  checks if the path is within the dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language class french 'fr' .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  issue a warnings .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  a slightly way for the element of the given toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  takes a list of labels and returns them for each input .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  gathers all default handlers from a database .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  set up the current user environment .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal randomkey for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  reverse the new statistics of the current instance .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  load the cached files into bom .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default view with djangos error handling .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function that returns a string with the message about the xml definition .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test find-links as a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator to do a stack policy .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this function normalizes the input along the given axis .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter factory for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  process lines by maximum blank lines .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a byte string to a bytestring .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if filename is a python file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get out the main name from a suffix defining the prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this is called every time an serialized attribute of the file .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile version that can be used to attempt to write the reads version of a days .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer contains an mm mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit view is filterable by the view type .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function that converts f into a unix mode string .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  fake version of ether .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the class registered to the alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to find the translation of the python script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a character list into a string .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input and basic types for mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the measurement info file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  returns a draft that can be used as a draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  raises assertionerror if system is not available and the scipy between 0 .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  factory to report for a given file path and that the given attribute should be removed by the given module .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  given a collection of pathnames .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the configuration variables are in the correct list .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  set the old class of the current theme if its not already in the cache .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  generate all tests in a list of input input tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  returns a indices from an element .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix header into a dict .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id from their groups that maps the given groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return an image from a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a at the given hash at the request .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for a given instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to an toc file .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  common logic for a home home directory .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert an ndarray to human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given dict of keys based on their underlying keys .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  nest validation that doesnt delete the default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the index parent directory .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  verify that the kh for an transport fingerprint for the given host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop lists to the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move some weird interface that might be made during compilation .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a function has a value in seconds since the status attribute and timeout .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a validator for the value of a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the internal product name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port on ipv6 .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit vmware in this vmware environment for a specified host or in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  return a continued length of a continued fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning an empty topic tree nodes for a set of content/leaf .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a generator .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses the tag data from a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a copy of the concatenation when passed an object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture to provide recwarn object for recwarn .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and port on a user .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the radio channel for a group id .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm event .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  given the path to the current directory of the given directory .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  preload a song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a <value> coordinates to human readable form .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  compute the types of *a* .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  return true if the tour for the tour database is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate the cumulative distribution of a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the language is used to prefix .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create new environment .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  helper function to format user information to project requests .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  a given url to get a list of components .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  base the erfa using ofs_nbits .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate that the names of the key names are valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  returns a data graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  get single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  returns true if the given ip address is the same as the rfc1918 mc .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  checks if a directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add components to items in all items to the given page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  generate an html path from the given path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  restores comments and restore non exists in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where should be supplied installed .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a numpy array of zeros that can be used as the theano variable .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on a task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new org .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create a test suite that runs the given api .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the given flash flash is the ip address of the flash there are 2 .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  determine whether the definition reference exists .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct constraint for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  default zone to check if the default zone is running .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  computes the successive n-sized between two elements .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert a 'default element to subscription objects .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test rendering with xrange .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a function that for a division-by-zero of the input .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch the refs in a remote repository .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks whether file has par2 files in python 3 .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  get the rank of given values from the given inside args: inside the given inside the given inside frequency .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a sequence of underride .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten a variable with proper parts of ast .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  wrapper for gpu_from_host) .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the key .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all named nodes from the given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to the namespace with the given ref name .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a list lambdas that contribute to the given axes .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  makes a bound method in order to new-style methods .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  helper function that mocks the request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  test the shape of the conversion of a shape that the gpu shape is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split and prefix on a private server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns a set of system roles in the current system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  checks replacing number of seconds .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  parses the message for the controller .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks for route and match the result of a route and kwargs .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  returns a random element in the given number of values .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  true if csv is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add a git support to the list of presented support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests constructor on an class definitions should be automatically after the user class .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  associate the internal function to atomic increment/decrement to a llvm function .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  set the mapping in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  give the timeout for the vm .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of resource pools by the tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  check for a set of kwargs keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  the rabbitmq hash on a queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository from the system .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  parses an episode to a file .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  runs a main process .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the base url for the authorization .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point in the point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  for when you want to inject an object into a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the slightly column for the specified column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the aspect ratio of each image along the specified channel .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset a movie audio status .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject the given tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  if an output is not a tty .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite overwrite module into a single where second_dict - current function is cooperative .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  updates the named config file for a given nzb .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the caller has a caller function .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules used to interact with the policy .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine whether the path is a regular expression .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  helper function to get a class by name from a given view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  helper function for creating quota units .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  check for a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups have changed for some changed .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the total sum of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return the size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns the given base64-encoded name .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create items in which predicate sorted by predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given request .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple case of the distance matrix from binary expansion .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  generates a message id for the current site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a finite random variable with the musicbrainz name .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  takes the images and returns a list of shards .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  get comparison in order to sort keys in ascending order of key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a number from a phonenumber object that matches the criteria .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses management dictionary to find the profile id associated with the given service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> sequence takes a list of integers and join the second in a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  rec a annotate .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  topological risch differential normalization on a zero thread .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  conditionally find the path for a socket prefix .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too returned to object using a stc operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the traffic server .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon instance with the given name and version .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize an arbitrary varint .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  calls an api for the result from the given doc instance .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  returns a list of the elements of the addresses found in the book .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  execute the given template and return the resulting template string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the search for the given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all the target in a directory .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping by size of a cluster mapping file paths to sort the size of a cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks if a given ufunc can be created for a given ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  api endpoint for deleting files from the master queue .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test that handling of edf file with edf channel .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to the given file .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  helper function to get the dates in the given period and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a valueerror lookup .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  find the iso document that return the storage repository .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does upgrade it .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections from loops into a c_long .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  unmount a single target for the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is a shell for the given shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return available list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add the creation of the server .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a separate element from @ .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the redundant group that has no more than orbit .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  lxml the given html with an html fragment .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generates a graph for the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  test whether filename is a hidden data path .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of / separated entries into a list of doc .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of the cover in the specified container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a dictionary where the "right_pad" ranges is a xor xor from the tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the given qt dict .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the validation schema for the given app .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate an sha-1 token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise invaliddataerror if the given resource is not detected .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list by media list instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object for the api .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the intersection of the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  wait for input to capitalize .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we are able to send per ip .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide from rainbow .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  fetches all of the due date bulk for the given course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to base .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  given a file or integer .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show the details from the specified users incrontab cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the path to the assumes the parent directory has the correct module location .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  helper function to run a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the resulting one access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verify the specified args .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of all the files in a directory tree using the search path .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  converts the entities in a protocol buffer to its keys .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  creates a testcase to test cases in a class .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a logging handler to the list to the given path .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  launch the given connection on the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  format a message to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  this test verifies that file has a special file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a temporary file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  allows to return the right list of bucket vote for the given object .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns the path to the directory that contains the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  returns file name of current binary .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete all rules cli example: .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  performs a mesh by ids .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return boolean to how a and b are equal to int .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  build the survey for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a token to a string for consumption to the bit format .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri to the local machine .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return a set of all vnc ports .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  ignore epipe errors as raised by the ftp exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a docstring for the stack trace - delay for the stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  install the resource handler for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for 404s .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request the regenerate certificates as sticks for all students in the course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  set_type : rule identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the context associated with a overwrites overwrites for each combination of a list of subscribe subscribe .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc to eeg hemisphere .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  return the contents of a single space .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations to inform observers about a translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  set the directory to be used to run this config .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  retrieve a list of valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the first element in iterable that they were passed in .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  tstd of t .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate pseudorandom random chars .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture that returns cpu and 'backend after a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  takes a number of thousand .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  return true if the user is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert an integer to a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the content .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  initialisation of the patchviewer with given rows and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  find access flags from the string without reading the value .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the stdout info and return a gluster as it .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  parse the given dict .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the distance between vectors targets and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if any files that arent present in sep .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email notifications to the login .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime in the format .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run the test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf2 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the fraction of the estimate of local data .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the ids of zookeeper locations for the master .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test fit and bound for pickling normal tests .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed formats for the allowed formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  helper function of methods .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  like dict .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  a helper function to send the client .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the absolute value of epsilon in the given domain .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the number of the sync dependent on the date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper to determine the length of a value - used for other chars .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorate a function to be used as a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  checks to see if white is all data .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  request and return certificates generated certificates for students in bulk .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  if holiday falls on next weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an accept label given a list of elements .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks for a range of contacts .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily disable memory deallocation .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given a username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  notify about an instance for a file describing a previously container .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running under the system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  calls the given system cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return a dictionary of the information for the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor service and monitor is running name the name of the service to be enabled .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an internal helper for this ipython session .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate the table used for testing purposes .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell after cmd .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until a non-false predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  internal helper function that validates the provided properties properties in an empty dictionary of additional properties .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an es elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via prefix command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  check if the configuration is a status .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given node is an super node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: github-notifier uses the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment version to enable number .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  migrate a postgresql version number to versions of four .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  require that the site version of the app .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version as a string cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake fake undirected flavors to the path represented by the *devs .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  returns a source string containing the best matches for crc .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  serializes a keras tensor to a zero .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the vms .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle in for a particular actor .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostname that a branch is the type of the current request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json structure .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  coerce function to an s3 lhs .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  from either a thing or a list .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes an tidy fragment and returns the whole fragment in a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate coordinates of coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check for the process id of a process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance of the given class name .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get the full path to bootstrap bootstrap from package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a decorator for hh:mm:ss interpolation .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a file from stanfords website .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given filename matches the given template file .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an user like object to the user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  return a new class used to register a validator .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  set modified on the objects at the given object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get snmp and protection from the server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  register an stanza of plugin using the given iterable of more rate_limit .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  make all violations reports on this system .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file using filename .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  converts a list of / tuples to a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a 3 element tuple containing the python version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the consistent version stored on the app_label .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert chunks to width using the divide algorithm .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options to search_service_pb .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  create a certificate object and add an ssl server to the socket .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  a function that ignores any access to the moving target .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event instance from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the statement in the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator to check that the specified span of a span .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for the quality scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  adds a comment to the end of all occurrences of "information_schema" identifier .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get path which is the cubic path .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a string .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return a list of all existing groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  like os .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  multiply a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the server info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns coordinates of following pauli at the given matrices .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a list containing the elements of the elements in the given two numbers .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  handle technical 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  fixes the given message .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to staff ensuring values for our confirmation link .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  add a value to the switch .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns a map of values over the mandlebrot of mandlebrot values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  test if proxies should not be used for environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  load an ordinary file into a path .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a list of templates into an instance .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load the parameter for a point in a group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if the given prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  turns an iterator and return the uploads response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  raises invalid if the given activity exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  launch an opener .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for the given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extract all flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this is a fallback version of roundtrip which manage to check if roundtrip is not in the created .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sort the list of tuples as a dict .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test that list correctly .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  converts the resolver argument into a property .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the supplied cache for the logs .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all themes by the given themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a list of the results of the current process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  combine zero or more messages to amount of strings .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  checks for credentials using the credentials in a dict .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat arrays along a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  list the running service owners .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the full restart status file and return a dictionary keyed by the restart restart .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the literal to the literal scope of the literal text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of the currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get a clsid for the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parses an encoded header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using current locale format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | plist | plist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset vo objects .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the given host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate the tmp filename name for the files .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install this package if not installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array from an ndarray .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verify that the keys have a rawbsondocument cypher key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized admin for the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  helper to child a file descriptor in child .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run some arguments in mestate .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods that alter the decorated function once .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  write a tree as a stream to a stream containing special characters .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string matches the element in the given root .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  get sjson label as satisfying matching text .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the markup filter name that can be used by the current column .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler from json .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the file in the given directory .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrap a *not* .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads dropbox folder and returns dropbox .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  given the dict of input pairs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test the sample data with a container .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if the current user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a list of the currently selected data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  parses an xml tree and merge them into a cell exception .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the helper@maintain for the facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return html with the given name .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current class object for the given function .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for checks the decorated class using the overlap class .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for the named function to wait until a loader has completed .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a string of the current column of the first available 754 .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  wait for a process to become a "foobar remote host .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test that static node result is classmethod .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  iterator over a neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that it will be appended into a path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  just like :func:has_request_context .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the cached key from the minion .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the number of contingency elements of k treatments .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  return a dict of ports available ports and port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password meets the valid password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  on a string that is supported by a version of ints .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get an element or class generated by name .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator for handling configurations .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown from a text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  handles the leafs in the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  converts the given string to display it as a multiline long as display from the display .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute the image for a connected machine .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test the behavior of --editables flag .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write a file in csv file and write the commands to a file in csv format .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the 383: functions .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to pretty print out the end of the test data as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request or return value .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate an order of rows in a sphere vector .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds two or more mapping to the db unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate an iterable of arrays into a slice of slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode unicode instance .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of tags from sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator used to insert the content of a page processor .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify matrix to the confusion matrix .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the differences evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the whole information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  build the addition addition for each gyp .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  do some logging calls .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  set or choose a datacenter from the config .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting of epochs import .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the stride at the given dh .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  tests grouping when max_samples is created .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  call the given function to get the path .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find unique keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads the data to a boundary .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  gets the maximum string tag to render the provided tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an unordered list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable filled with samples drawn from a tensor distribution .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  clear the approval uri for an atom .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all the sources and create all example example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a name of the datadir file paths .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by id and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  helper method to create a port port for the specified switch .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open a file in a given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  credit: yann n .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list available own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  ticketstatus location delete .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  remove from text to the beginning of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return information about the requested output cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the internal function for use only .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  adds an xml element to the tree and blanks .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return an istree for the given object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  return spectrogram function by the current spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use this to check if the matrix applying a positive integer to the default .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to discover a command and parse it to a command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  add the given number of characters to the beginning of spaces .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given flavor access for the given flavor .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns the zpool data on the minion .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  options nit : none .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  mark an attribute on the instance as attribute of a instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version of the pyzmq currently preferred .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  wrap request used in the given content processor .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  checks whether the input is in use .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but additionally invokes modify_value on fast .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  pretty print the filesize format to a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if a origin center is valid .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script that the file pointed to .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the fallback configuration value .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate a random string that includes unit random bytes .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  version of :func:os that does not define the result when any stubs that was assigned to the version of a python process .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save the docstring to an array of methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  multi-dimensional structure structure of structure with the right label in a certain structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the direct id of the text after the first root of the dot .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  penn treebank raw model .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all lines of the given line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  gets the size of a field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information to inform a session to the last session .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a 3d covariance matrix using a bilinear interpolation .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  a decorator for caching the decorated function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location for location .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in the dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a message .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  returns the salt api for salt .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast x to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list principal policies for the specified principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns false if forces descriptor is visible .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get string with the given guess .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  used to register a alternative file on a specified field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  compatibility shim for the :func:add function .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a filename is a rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current node version of the given sys .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries and b .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic interface .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  a decorator for generating factory .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the main purpose of hg but mercurial files to the gofmt but it is committed and setup the files in a review configuration file .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check if the background is enabled from the current schedule .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install an existing package id app .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information on the logged-in state .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the cluster id for the vcenter .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices all the slices of a node2 .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  return a configurations that is the first element of its positional parameters .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the inset loops which include most of the points .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  true if the value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is the samestat .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  opens a db connection and spawns a new database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the vms ssh key for the vms on the machine .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  gcf the figure and display it with a given figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  returns a re-written redis connection class from settings .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  creates a klass from a any settings .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  alias for write_local: writes the tex root to the tex cache using pickle .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource page for component views .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine left files for left dataset .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize serialized hmac signature .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  helper for sending .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return the list of the modules specified in the database cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the output of a slot .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for hadoop errors in a class .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validates privileges to ensure privileges are valid .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  added variables to be enabled .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  just removes harvestdef .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that the process is created when the process of a process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the xmodule class used to encode a function .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date in a requesting date format .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check whether a repo is a version of a repo image .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  have common prefix to wanna_connect .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the contents of a remote project .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to rebase the path to the git checkout opts for the git checkout opts user : none run
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the set of aliases for the given alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that the right methods in the right array are not equal to the correct axis .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function to apply to the given header .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer method of an integer to a method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the given shape .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  extract alignment alignment from the given region using start and chpi-fitting paths .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the dlls version from the directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi-function with an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the size of the widget .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  fetches the login form .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  recompile message to the topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the patchsets to patchsets the master process .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge dictionary d1 into a single dictionary d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test intervals with a token_ class .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  kill senderkey from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  this function is called to verify an auth handler for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update helpwindow; covariance .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the notifications for the current thread attempts to the specified provider .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the various display of the given directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the hash value by the given type and vlc .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  helper function to start a mac system /export recurrent: .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import of the task .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  decorator that acquires a function and run when a transaction .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return final entry in the form of a line .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a long integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  checks if a response is enabled from csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a udp modbus server and return a port .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark the number of "resolution on a particular configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode object and unicode alphabetically .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put the template context into the blog context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that rvs variables are discrete variables stored in any of the passed vars .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a localectl .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  returns a casts .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the primary key is present on the class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  escapes a single tree from a path if tuples is not a file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that converts a function into a theano domain object .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  converts an error class into a reachable error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  create an entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones by its project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  constructs a params for the object missing unsigned object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  does the node contain a safe string .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert -> number arguments: f in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same fields for dna checks as errors unless barcodes barcodes is passed to suppress barcode == checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator for all elements in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view function which checks email for the email of a user .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes the string to a datetime .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set video video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks that the portage version of a package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns a list of special config lines .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the pid file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  reads a file from a base64 encoded data structure .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  simple method to detect if double code is restored .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  used to track a bilinear effect .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if delete is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  create an upgrade days for the stats of the specified list .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on ubuntu .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  test the layer .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the ssl function .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure master volume(s) exists on host and creating master host .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get layers for the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  waits for share to change the desired delay .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape that the given style code .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  load project belonging to objects .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dictionary of all the files found in the given bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an infinite rule constructed : string name of the ** proxy .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node can be found in an source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if promo is a datetime object as a 5-tuple .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the datum id of a datum request .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete the group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list all available cluster verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  returns a list of current port trees managed by poudriere cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mark a task as complete for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  parses a string as an ascii literal .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save a list of tuples to disk .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  convert a strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  code due to this exception data in python 3 code .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a dictionary describing changes to changes made to changed .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses single event logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should be a background tag of the background tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  random_product -> score return a string that can be used to handle the oauth score .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  tests slugify when slugify is readable .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  gets the current versioned version number from the document and the values of a document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy configuration facts if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the provided facts if missing values
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package package package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with the given pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to wrap a list of entities of entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test table with expected columns in fill_values should not change to a table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of sequences in the sizeof window .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return jobs based on job ids .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  decorator for methods which are automatically generated by a given class .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update an existing user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns taxa table info for taxa file .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield a file descriptor on a given resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a web server endpoint .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  temporary code for counting out of a with statement in the context .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of the found in the factory factory .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  encrypt key with private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns an configured structproxy dict .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test to ensure that data input works as expected .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  updates comment flag .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  helper function to create a response that will be used as an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : direct_declarator .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  return a relative url to the underlying image .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the volume info from the volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test that ctypes function can be ignored in ctypes .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return the list of valid zones for the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  returns square-free part of a square-free part in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  return a serialize python args from the system path using pip different python 3 .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the :class:sqlalchemy .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of a control object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to define a function as not a tomcat .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state zi for the data set up an sosfilt function .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the version of the 'scipy' .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header line with the given name and the filename in the header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo configuration steps from a running configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  string with a syntactically and the string representation of the string converted to a string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  executes commands against windows .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  uses the given stream and convert it into a utc stream .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  etag --> etag .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized upper score for the given probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe type for a string using a binary string .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report usage files .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the command-line action for a basic code .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an incomplete previously set with a musicbrainz name .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous true if contiguous array has contiguous indices else the existing url .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an absolute bundle to the default bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find and add a known to the core .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return a list of subclass strings representing all the files which have been created with the file data .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare function for compare data and compares them .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  returns an array of the var obtained by the var limits of an array of matching certain variable references .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  returns a timeseries for a timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  uses a value to determine whether a type is a tuple of integers .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized hilbert phase for an exponentially-weighted instance .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  which uuid is defined as either a list of strings or a string value .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a list of -tuples object from a file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add unique id to msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or updates a flavor instance access list .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  apply the incoming data to the request .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  configures current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test clean up double requirements file and updating it in a setup .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a path to a string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  project embed to be given a project and lets the user .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid encrypted object .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  returns the sdk of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns the purchase rate of the given serial rate as a string .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the notifications used by the command line .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  this function is taken from a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  this function returns the fgraph of a *exprs that has a outs row-wise .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of the supplied text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the input array of values along the given axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  generate certificates from an trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> gzip content encoding using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect decorator which check if the list of nodes is set .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  emit log see :class:packer for each test case .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  fake version of os .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return a user-agent .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all of the given sequence of values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  function to auto-generate api signatures .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns a list of regions from a given region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes an api request to the auth endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  creates a connection to the db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from a scaleway instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  return a response based on a single prefix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on logging calls into the logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  check if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent field of the parent process .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if its projection is an entity .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets all text texts that was detected in a image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  clears the vm installed to the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the html represented by the file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write a binary file to standard representations .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  each time in the moving series expansion of a each row .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and upgrade about vms .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get polar angle from counterclockwise angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  try to get a dict of title names from title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the contents of a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return an object like unproxy .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove a file or raise if it does not exist .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a wiki sample routine .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  returns the cinder backup dict .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test points of gui gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules into global namespace .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  add titles to each of the rows and the underscore of the dashboard .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  returns the content as a unicode string from the given file path .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert rst to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to check if the wrapped function has a value in its status .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ipv6 address from a socket .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create an image object for a png image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a valid domain .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  create a unflag page defined in the given app or object .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename based on a buffer and types .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set the displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check the result of a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  column test for useless along optimizer .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a list of pattern matching the pattern pattern string .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copy noise to image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an recordings .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up default stubs and fields for smtp api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  draw a matplotlib figure .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test the behavior of pip show command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to get a notes lookup by its name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determine authentication of an http user .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  a simple tasks that replies the result of a celery 'status .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply attributes for the specified date .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  transform samples into one big clause for use in the previous expression .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials from a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  create the endjob .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test sys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract variables in step from a relaxed point .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save the given html .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  return the progress progress bar for the given raw .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  publish data to an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the root spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  lists policies from a list of users .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if the kernel libraries exist .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  fake upload of the result .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  inverse of the integer n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal smallest elements in a particular row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test at least one of the least one of the least one heading .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an absolute path .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a directory showing the given tree of each tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse a string to a list of templates .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates feeditems from the site and creates a new feed object .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter all c{span} values within this action .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk python files and yield each directory .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with noise steps and less than "webagg .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the version of onionshare that is a tuple as tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  rgb to colour color space conversion .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse an iterable of data .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files to output root .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  create an eauth object from a http gitconfig object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  convert a list of paths to a dictionary of parser .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates list of email addresses that have the emails and updates it .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a string of the n-queens generated by the mean of the current mean .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator to open the decorated function .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port number that can available port on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from a file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of tuples in which the given path .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi by the combination of a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an friends .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten a generator .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build an state state for the request token .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  helper method to return a service connection for a given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  the in .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  most system commands is available on the system .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check that version is a valid version of v .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  determine a filter request for an index pattern .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  set a color palette on the palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - use list comprehension instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  write the input graph to a file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  returns a new database session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense whitespaces .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns cached version of an array which can be unknown .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command arguments for the systemd service .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns the argument after the regex .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is the future if the template tag exists .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a list of list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the value of the server at the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an iterator to the installed code for a particular resource .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the login sender for the specified user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  custom style tree wont call .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string to a boolean .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  given a directory name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  filters an endpoint for the active reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse a message and returns a tuple .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  can be used to track most emulator coefficient .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if user is admin for this group name to check if the admin user is in the admin group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pressure in degrees celsius from the pressure sensor .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of in-process tags for this page .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  get the gateway details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get line of a certain y params for the last line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  the fraction of fit are useful for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source view .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a dictionary stripped of namespace strings .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts from a datetime object to a month number .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a list of all continuation cli example: .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  check to see if the key exists in an ec2 registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if the user has the permissions to apply emails .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the quantize of a [2] of two distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display the repository dialog .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  pgsql should be out noniterable function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the gcode text from the middle of the file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  abort()s systemexit should not cause a valueerror .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for methods that accept cuda arguments .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the module of the current process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  strategy for non-admin conversions .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets the most helpful user for the project .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check if a string is a valid host .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handle a directive for the carbon token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  single-independent-variable for the input reproducing .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should temporarily override env context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  performs an ssl server instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove content from the given content if it exists and returns it .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and verifies the request object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  in the tukey .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the system path to the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack trace into a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to a package for the given module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the named container by sending a sigint to its not running .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_list : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  the contribution of a linear operators for a given fitnesses .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  checks for the existence of a response object .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read cache from file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  checks if there are holiday for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  determine if the layer is part of the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clear the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the url to download the correct templates .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  chunks a sequence into serial chunks of chunksize .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  used to determine if the given password matches the given password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and usage .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  trims the graph in jit json format .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  redirects to the view page .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using key .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests in the given directory .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  return an instance of a unix status code to check for an instance of each status code .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer to check its lexer code .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  the function for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if the current queryset has the same as json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function gets itself after a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  marks the test as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from request .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  compute the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patch config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extract the id from the segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the gpsd sources .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the counter is the ratio to be changed .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists to group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  change the users / referenced by apps .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the full database using the users home directory .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and begin text if any of the inner text is 0 .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get all suggestions and writing up with a given user .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a function after a number of seconds .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the minions public jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively deep dicts by adding the values in a dictionary .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the ending packet from the packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse counters in a format message .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  adds an environment variable to the environ dict .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  warn if the expr has been absorbed .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  convert relative path to the underlying document format .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  takes a line of swap or may not be free .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user attributes .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of elements in the set of its codons .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  get a timezone aware utc offset from a named tuple of seconds .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short identifier .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the object to the given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns l1 and azure after the subresultant norm of the quality topic .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  decorator for running the given method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  destroy the volume or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es 2 .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  read flowgrams file from a lazy file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent object for a message header .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a file to the proper format for the specified filename .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  splits a collection of chunk_size into a collection of indices .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  restores the safe serializion of sessions data to database .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to a string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  look for a method name in its keyword argument to be a method .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert a given list of users to disk attached .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  gets the method call to a function .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message for serializable .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  create a test ratio for pivot with no value specified as the test .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  find the graph in g from layout using the github node .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a crude way to make sure that elements are valid .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  returns the number of directories based on the device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validates the overlap document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  ensure that a network is in host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local view of the current model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  event event helper function .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  install a powershell requirement on the system .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  finds wrapper for each key_path .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be used .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function for all subclasses of container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  dumps a process into a string .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create attachments for the given attachment .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a binop and a binop binding .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between vectors u and v .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter bottom along with points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the configuration options .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  straight text display in python preserving format .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the necesary directory to the users directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an amount in the quantize amount to the integer amount of bytes .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  storage : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  send a bug to the nearest expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  helper method to retrieve the uuids of a particular user from the database by interrogating each username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set/get histogram of a single fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all unicode characters from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  returns the constant term in a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  return the content of the api .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the icinga2 to domain and return the disk .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search for a given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  runs an http user using the remote user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  helper function: parse obj into json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish the collection and update the collection and the users summary contribution .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  the clipped function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  download all the docs .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given string as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return true if the given string is the right line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce a traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for integer values .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns the vector of scalars in the matrix v .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read some packet *name* .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  copy the targets from the specified targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a generator matching the given week .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list partitions on the system .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculates the value of the cycle .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  return a list of all shared users cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the parent nodes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  return a suite from a package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  returns true if the named sysv is enabled for the one known available .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the certificate from the minion name of the certificate to remove .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a logger object from the request class .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given filename converted to a string that can be used for a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  process the directory for each template files in the given dir .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance for 1-d ndarray of integer .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape the logged-in html characters in a string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a diagonal .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the status in the status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  check to see if markdown field has the given field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the kolmogorov-smirnof distance between all tags of a given image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get an orm from a list of dicts .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is defined: .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  clean up arma process in a 2d order .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return the path relative to the directory of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns all models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin plugins of the file .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a set of articles into a dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write discovery to file .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a class object by a given name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  retrieve information on a task and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches musicbrainz grant by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for db .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure that the user can be logged in domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  getmodulename -> str path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  handle a the log file then log when it has been changed .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a list of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a processnode for the onionshare service .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta labels input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_fp: tree of sequences to run input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: tree after function mixed fasta filepath output_dir:
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  test that we can load a example file and return a new parsed on a dummy dataset-- .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert string into standard index .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo alarm thermostats .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  hits the ask for expr .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the existing scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scales a label of strings .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to add a trace to the method of the function used for the trace argument .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file exists cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the logs and stores a status code .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict with the data for the current request .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  fast version of boostrapping .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  sets the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  convert unicode to unicode objects .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  click a queue from the api on a queue .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a sparse randomish id .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  check for disjoint sets of disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test that we can write a multi-line script .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  removes dataframe from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  convenience function to return a functionloader element of an image .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect list of glib for a given glib .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete a project and version in the given project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  helper to output regular expression forms .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  when syntax is run .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  register a mongodb plugin with the information protection .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete prospective .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get all alarm details .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the css module satisfies the default version supplied .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  deletes redis client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute the string to be converted to lowercase .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  lists the traffic server list from a logical server .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the pdf quality are not valid .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a pattern .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  print a range of conversion or a range .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  calls admin integration for each group with the recipients permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  returns true if the given method name is a bound call .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the the given marker .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all of the installed plugins whose behalf that interface is present in the specified package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync a whole tunnel to an tunnel on the database .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function for the tokens user offset string into number of seconds .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin allows the build step to generate the immediate page plugin at the end of the command .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets pyflakes as a dict .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row of column by d_n and previous_value_columns mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the exchange token response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a list of all composite for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed patch .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  turns any zones to the humanfilesize() distribution .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extracts the given option name from the given option and returns it .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get path with overhangs removed .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush logging in which expects a status code in a given category .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for a search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper decorator to check if a function is not a class or function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  returns the train .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove non-print float and whitespaces at the beginning and end of each string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a view to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of the itemsize data for the given list .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  generate lines of a line .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  marks a function as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  set a cyclic command line break .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  check tidy with html .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  for saving of the notice/expiration cache for the given module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  update meg meg .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the count of each row and nans matrices .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read page from a page given a page object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract and validate the inventory from the provided json .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  extend mappings to use .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  move test loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test the behavior of output --format=columns flags for pip only .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off an argument in a system .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  returns a cuts for string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update a process bundle bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if shared variables were both the shared and local gallery gallery .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the given list of nodes .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  helper function to check if magic magic is not installed .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of server id for the server descriptor .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file for a filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active policy policy string .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert all allows the given format to a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  makes a mock input polynomial to the inputs of inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  decode a string to process the full process .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources into the value .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  performs a checkout on a user in a course .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get verify hosts on user and its raw user .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  breadth eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a list of members for the members specified .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  build a remotestatepersister .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector of source gui .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns an absolute uri for an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the constraints block types .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  helper function .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of the le setting .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize of a graph t .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  compute the divisors for a given format .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a service from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  make a requests request to an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the argument .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the shared model works with a set of batchnorm .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for polygon in case form .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup list by service .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  get true if the current container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  checks to see if the current tool is in the current executables .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a current url or none .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  see if the icon can be run on the image .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the code page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check firefox of the geos version data .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  generates a list of tuples .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for the named container to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an unpacked file and its events .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a view to send a document to an existing document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a line of normally .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns the first opened formats formats for formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  true if the given url is valid .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  alternative implementation of template data .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads an image from the current image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  get an in-memory search series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for starting with shape and shape using direction .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  updates the dscl by uptime cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the authenticated template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies the post form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step decorator for functions that accepts argument .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator for functions that fail if a handler has a method .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  performs a query saying on the query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  test if the form requires the request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  avoid stars of markdown characters in the given xml .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to bitcount .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  set the current system delay time difference between the user and seconds .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  structure of xml attributes from an xml file .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  provides a simple html page with the list of best items .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return folder rounded up to current view in current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  return test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor line numbers for ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  return a new extended blocks that have sorted new blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  set access settings for the service .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  return an iterator of the file signature from a stream of bytes .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  is it debian? in a byte string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  performs a presentatable as average presentatable .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable an apache site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  convenience wrapper to get meter that are sorted by the toplevel_dir .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  make function to make a stc matrix .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all the content of a directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise skiptest if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  list the names of grep this is a grep path .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with all members found in the given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if modules listed in the registry .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  parse the links from container into toc directories .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  allocate a given model and returns a sorted list of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  removes the unnecessary files from the current config file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a value using pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman between any vectors in the spearman .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list box folders for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert a 2d array into an array of strings .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the inclination and end of the start to end z .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check the installation installation version when syncing the current python installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  the log outputs for strings that have a good set of validation values for the input validation .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  warn about a description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  get question for question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods that this test verifies that the pods can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  similar to the input .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  check if member is a member of doc .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the front over width and add the loop lists and ylist for x and ylist .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  check if this is salt-run a file or chunks of the file extension is given .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that the local ip address is not in the local ip for the local ip <url we move .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  computes the rgs rank for a matrix .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the xml element and build a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that the moon generated by dev_path are the moon .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural plural plural file with quality targets .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from the response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  takes a list of version models and returns a sorted version number .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if the given socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for the master to the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the files which will be pip .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add master if intended and value_on value_on to the setup in setup .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  runs specified command in a shell .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  visualise a sequence of label with the domain color cycle .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of a given point passed in a given point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  return true if the given object is a bash or is a json/ajax so we cant run this test .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when given time in the given time as timezone .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if a string contains valid labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  returns true if prefix is not installed with prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  recursively copy the model instances into the given dict .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  helper to validate that connection is a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see if the cassandra cassandra is just a set of application .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a friendly output .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  functional join between left and right clauses .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads flocker flocker to flocker repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  choose a file to get the type of name .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  decorate a hook which will be called from the interpreter .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the current pid of the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  content of file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  do a replacement for the appropriate tool .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load an http domain from a file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  make the journal available for systemd .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  return the singleton root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the unicode url matching the unicode file extension .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and creates a temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates the given job with symbols .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator that marks a function as an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the part of the input data .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  make a test suite for [0 .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secret by the secrets manager instance .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  using the cls: class .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks if a title is a lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  wrapper to call a tracker .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  extracts roads data from a roads nearest roads travelled .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a string as an etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  we will decompose and python logging into the package *individual* .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print results of them .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears uuids statistics .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load a sample images from the cloud drivers .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date id to store partial date to store partial date .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  the binary number of binary crossentropy between the target and 1 .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  marks the configuration as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  creates a url and returns the locale or an my url if its locale .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a helper function for the absolute value .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number using client-defined encoding .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  convert an absolute image to complex format .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set decoded video video .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  find the part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  returns the sturm part of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the data from a xml file .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  list all events in the iterable event .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure instance for the given figure instance .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration key for the given site .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  security group - get normal headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  add a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily add a jinja job with appropriate html; .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns the wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get all groups in a group .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the value from the 1 .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a copy of the windows post data .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test the bi test for ensure that we can fail in any metadata .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address and return the cidr ip address to the cidr string .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  gets the list of changed filenames of the given list of files .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve supplied object into the database .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  returns the domain object for the individual [0 .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if a backend has been run inside the test suite .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  find a command in a temporary directory .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand the indices into a sequence of indices .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check if http server is a kernel version of file .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full os name for the project .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one or more lines of a hot tensor .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri mri report for mne report files .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal form an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build an dictionary for the keys in a block of the block .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function by setting it to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap synchronous class to the instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  prints a bunch of 6 stderr .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  returns a class object from the given string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  attempt to read a pyc file from a trace file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  evaluate a specified search query .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  converts an error handling for each errors in the platforms .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  make sure the given message was logged via ispawnanewwindow' .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index page .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  walk through the xmodule database that are supplied by the xmodule but it can be auto-escaped .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  defines an image uri on lms image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy the cache result to the class .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 decay .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the zmq certificate .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a list of constraints pairs and returns a new column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert string to a time in the render format .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns popularity to use for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of datapoints as /-delimited by the given attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  return the function f .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the pagerduty process id of the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single season folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any of the given dictionary .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to string .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  from stackoverflow on 2013-10-04: url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  the main function to serve the has been moved .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  the user has the admin backend for loading the current desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  push a document to the current server-side session as a string .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  example: lx listing the paragraph description .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to the given function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of the data in the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  makes a test suite from a partition .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the value of the given sys .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are on an amazon web page .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path to the segment table .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the i of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  takes a incron file to be changed by the users home directory and writes it to the users incron .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file to serve static file from .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  adds a log headers to the log header dict .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write given text to a file in given encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab -> str name .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and stores it to the http fetch .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the number of nginx to make sure that the tab is exactly once .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment uuid .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the ip addresses .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized server .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  serve the external application .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  return the error version of the current session .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  returns a list of word string .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  create a new decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for dependencies dependency the ordering will only set dependencies .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute multi-dimensional structure with gaussian fourier .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests if the submission feature is not set .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints r information for either wanipconnection or the drac .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add a set of parameters to the transaction in a dict .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  helper for l{certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check for issue bcache functions in various ways .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves given file to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a review request for the current fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage in pointer as a namedtuple .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the caffe text for the first occurred output_corrected_fp: validate the next occurred when the main post .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  replacement for pass in a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple greeting page .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  check for unittest .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  takes element and moves namespaces .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test integration integration .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  find required if we dont find numbers in the number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an example notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  replace the labels on a specific input data .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return updates learning loss function from dividing with param gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in all of the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  helper function to escape a dictionary of commands .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  launch commands commands .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the horizontal edges of an image using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  apply a template tag that the contents of a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  the looks up an approximate nest nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  parse the xml for the given xml file .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper around the decode_header() module .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a rooted .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  calculate the ang for the antiderivative of the sample ci .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  returns true if given value is a nthhost within the given query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse warning for a custom inverse has been verified .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine when a machine is already present in its labels .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a scalar .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  this function is needed for the following digitalocean routine for any star .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from the received tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  main entry-point .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from the binary file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the experiment path string .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for adding an process to the given request .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  build the heap matrix from heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function that returns a temporary file either a fits file or a fits file name .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send an example to a given channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test 3d wcs with respect to the 3d side of url .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri represented by this bucket .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the sum of principial elements in xs .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a block of text with a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns a rfc-1123 string for the number of months .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  return the declarative base base class for the artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  returns a single course milestones for the specified course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate matrix of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  returns text in mixed python 3 .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string according to the month 8-bit date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  call text with the given indentation level .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  measures within strings are allowed to query_seq .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  display all available updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login if page passed to base url .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get video scale by name .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  find a user id from a string .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  stop an event handler for a running instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  execute commands and create new container reload .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function that can be used to any unbound operations .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  given a valid global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates the checksum checksum for a chunk of size data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test that an expected path is raised when the current message .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  generate an turning feed tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the file used to process the default file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the monitoring monitoring stream with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the effect of the main process in the given summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return list of duplicates that help people by all duplicates in this fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the global config directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of lists .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist or has it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove all modules from a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all the empty tree files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  notify about a notification about the host using the service .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a simple gpg_keydir .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  match a sequence of strings by a common sparseindex from a regular expression .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern against all of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get flags flags for a specific user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from execute data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  returns date from a date .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate a mssql object from a wire message .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal receiver for the receiver of its login when a contenttype is selected .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle click color .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if a transaction is in the datastore list .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  generate the tokens of a key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function returns a set of emails that have been added to any original theme .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the batch notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove one or more file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a function used for generating chunks of the given renderer .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns a function that tells the id of a namespace .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that firstset for the specified firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence for use in a optimized function .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test _version transforms for acovf .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to load a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  turn a list into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with many characters removed .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the attribute for the given object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  simple wrapper for the axes .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  patches an edit string to make sure that any confirmation matches the locale .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the vm controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  sorts arguments for adding arguments a function .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  configures a sequence of matplotlib .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  performs up from a autoconfig autoconfig cloud provider .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects and stores the static folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for the type given a class type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the operating system .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the class name of the type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  creates the key from an app app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that adagard has adagard as scaling .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of intra-community edges according to the partition of each partition of the given partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify that handling shouldnt be defined by an object and shouldnt shouldnt be child .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  a generator of translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  helper method to add a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  fetches the vm active time series for a node cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  check if the user wants to log a registration message .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  verify we have the debounce functions .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset the named vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  num_gpus: int for each extra loop in loop .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn from a dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of the edit translation .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create an opaque prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns a tuple of timestamp from due to due to the due date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs that come by a training .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the corpus from hideki isozaki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  produce a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity for an undirected .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the info for the named certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of unicode strings .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  stops the rabbitmq application via the nginx application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure that a collection can be passed is valid .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a metadata-schema image by id or exit .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  create handler for cartesian get/post - calling conflict .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a figure with a first row and all images in an image .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the whole fact for the fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  each entry point .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of directories in the master saltenv : base the path to the container parent directory of the path to the container .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly logs for average pending downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  normal part of the differential differential equations .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  adds a path to sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  calculate the content of an element from the given url or ssl url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  parse a page for a page header .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the given platform is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version of the user .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  load a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion as a suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  this function allows you to save the model matching the given model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets domain info from the requested dns returns a dictionary of the hosts string sld of the requested dns tld of the requested dns string sld dns .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get information directly over the api .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  check for single component of version is a valid version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  list minions and see if the master is a list of packages or the master config files exist .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  decides whether a block device has a bad value in the specified arrs .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test spm data for spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get float from prefix and delete paths .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the given message to stdout .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  kronecker function of values of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  add a list of hosts to a zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  returns true if the given function is a unix unix ot directory .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts file args: facts : host to run facts returns: dict: the name of facts dict updated with subsequent fact : the generated facts cli example:
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download data from a gaussian automatically set the current database .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  check if a snapshot is in a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  wrap a function into a create loops .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int length to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  adds two or more pathname to a sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test correct intersect for 2 contingency chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  slices nxn to be used for testing space .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that the inverse of the mapping attribute of mapping outside properly .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a weighted spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  helper decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add stl given stl vertex line .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the log base x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  uses the given standard iis method to return all the proper one .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the testing .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a list of mappings for the given device .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  check the validity of the given file .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return a json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  list the backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates a group of the nodes to the given degree orders .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return pagination statistics for the quality defined by @expose .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill a process to the namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load module if double items from loaded .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores a line number of trees to send the restores run .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a docker client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  the main function .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  helper function for product generator .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name for the platform .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  sets up and show a heading between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  return url and a query string .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  mock unicode for python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  given a path to the canonical linearoperator if it exists .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  sticks sticks / hide a group with the same name as the current group of the group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the state of the state of a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  assert that the aws aws key is the uid dictionary .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  splits all elements of sequence to tuples in sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  decorator to convert product length to a string .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a class decorator for tests of subclass objects .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample helper function which generates the values from theano to the regextokenizer .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a receipt for the receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  find a hash using the given hash and return the hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  modify the csv controller - used for imports & reports on them .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a deferred which fires with the right content required error .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a list of keys and a named vm cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  ranked of the media type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write the output_corrected_fp: to a file in the given archive .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the current logical logical volume from the minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message to standard log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple users from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to get all requests from the given database .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read edx bytes from the file at the given file handle .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  python api endpoint for associate_public_ip_address .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in a given format to the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get complete members for the group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file path .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  explicetely is a string to the devices in the given string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  determine the reparse data file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  decorator to give the execution argument list .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns true if the supplied unicode string is valid for the supplied or unicode and vice .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a list of the string s in the given string .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders the template for the given axes .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url generation by opening instance to msg .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the string name from the tag .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a simple test method that runs the mapper logging name in its logging .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename seems to be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  renderscene helper to box the value to box draw .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to do the response methods with the given status .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns a html string for parens < + csp .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab the helper method to grab the given sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from the current working directory tree .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns a void value .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a path according to the given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  orthogonal while inputs with inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  return true if *obj* can be hashed .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove ansi color and/or elected or byte string .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  checks if g is a list of nodes .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  given a path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  show the comments for a new user .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the dna authored the given type .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates the source file for a given pack packs .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all error codes for the given *errnames .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of attributes from a query header .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  converts value to a native value .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this only supports the users module .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  returns the pci requests based on the flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  runs the given command and returns a tuple of it .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb object .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  set a field in the series .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  enable merge for sharejs surface identified by the waited .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  is this a sequence of the sequence of cv .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  true if the minion is a bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize array for column did not read from the column .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob size so that the blob is gce .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  function to skip tests if true .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the request href .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of main control .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that is remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch an s3 image represented by its id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x if x is none .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  runs the given dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  ensure that all objects in the database are deleted .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  initiate a trivial test with smtp .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the provided header .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a real matrix of the form of a 2-d matrix into a qt components .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test whether an error is cleared properly .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is fits .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute the reconstruction h_p in a polynomial in k[x_0 .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator permissions to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  removes the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a communities degree for each degree of the given community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  wrapper for the given content type .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for param matches .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset the data hash for the specified index .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set of dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns the equivalents of all the django classes that are found in the case of a non-regression .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  this is the recommended page used to coach on port .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  validates an email or remove user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any existing file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  return true if the given string is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the given xml element into an xml representation .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  helper function for creating a scrapy pkg .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the goodness of a complex polynomial in the penalty penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a helper to create a variable initialized with shape for a normal shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time of the last index of a given window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup a hyperion sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http comma separated header into a tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive for savedir describing a url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the type of the gce databases for an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  check gitlab support .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this function is used to ensure that the principal principal examples .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment formatter .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  add a new job to the current existing version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items in the time and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dictionary of valid params params .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a helper function which very upon apply in func .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  the correctness of the original model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  begin root directory structure with default value .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binom histogram of the jobs to the provided one .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  fit the helper to alternate measure .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if the executable is reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the version string indicating that the user is logged in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic a single vector t .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test installing a failure using a failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  available commands and print them .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert the type into an interface name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  computes the hermite distance between a and b .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to update a file to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  data can be numpy array or the size of data given in a size .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  helper function that parses the bs api .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mill a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all measure .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile using the permissions for the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable the enhanced enhanced stream with enhanced .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic histogram conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  like getattr .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  dependencies are satisfied if a given value that doesnt exist .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return the shape of the given iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to validation and restrict it into the display .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  listen to a socket object suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a complex configuration .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a storage instance using a different storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  version of the attributeerror .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches the next exploration ids for the given user from collection collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set things that the views on the master .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get matched by name .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing factory .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parses a list of tuples .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  test shortest path in a package .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  execute a file and return the data for the test .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  gets the document for a resource in the api version string .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  inject if the given view should not have a inject level .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  used by unit tests to reset over a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set to deny as the
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a string for printing a phone number type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly getting a logging level from the buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  a helper function for the matrix exponential of the matrix exponential this is a helper function .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert an opcode to the locale string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of the git commands .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  execute all keys on the input data and kwargs the condition type .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  generate a dictionary of global value for a querystring .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message for the hashes .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  generate an array of distance in the current column .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  given a task output .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if fname is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp options delete vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier to use as public key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate tests for a test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template and renders it with the capa options .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that mocks a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for replicates is the same as the wallace implementation .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  list all active mounts on the system .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors automate notification service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  scale and scale a search using the fxy search .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate an identity key for a stock .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  create a mock for each scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a string to a certain object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  notify exists notification usage for the given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return an gradient of the gradient percentile of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  return a context manager that sends stderr to a temporary file .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for several data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset template info to the template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  helper to open a project as a project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  ylimits box on an event box .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper function to add a hash to the request key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  returns the metric for the digraph model .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a valid bootstrap message in the bootstrap tag .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  return an elb connection with aws credentials .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks whether a file exists on the input and returns the directory that when possible .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns field or an parit set .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create tags on a cloudwatch resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message mechanism that a user can be related to access the db .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a sphinx health .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource action method .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add the x intersections for the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves an image to disk .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread parameter for and will try to get topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to the proxy server on the port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception exception translate exception if it isnt there .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci devices by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read a dir definitions from a file and returns the contents of the given list .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the level of the request level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  import a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  parameter for :class:poollayer .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  returns an instance of a trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a topic to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns the linear variables for a method not yet plane plane .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate an md5 digest for hex digest of a digest pair .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts vid->str units to a search_service_pb .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  return the full path to the unix module .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  marks a function as failed .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the http response is sane when http .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  a version of binomial .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the mapreduce object from the abort .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compiles a sequence of pyrex objects and returns a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the object to the proxy dev object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  return a list of .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  note: this function takes a list of mapping .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  adds or remove the intercept and name of the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to an int .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  largest nsecs .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given a list of files .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less than the mask are less than the same mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the information for the named file in a dictionary .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  test if the current node in the current block of a node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  this function computes the square root of t .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that checks whether a function is a classic name .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a celery job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table circular table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check whether pillar data is available .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of elements to 1 .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string using the url- encoding .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the float change value of a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a list of all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  asserts that the given url is up .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert value into a time or an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for the assertion to become active .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  remove all helper values from templates .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the json function of the module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid foreign key .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  retry the decorated function using a designed to retry it .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  cli example: .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in mixed python string .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  determine the current process name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of services that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  list python files .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  helper to ensure that the first entry is not in the tree .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted inputs into a single string .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return the iterator of the plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  returns true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  code the code at activate and activate the active location .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a fixture which offers the current axis .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks whether a country is a leading leading zero zero .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  return the offset encoded number from a to the normal distribution .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github commit to the github commit .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the number of polygon in the loop to the point table .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean along the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the current user with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  utility function to return all really classes of the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how many video outputs does the media player have? .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test figure with tight_layout .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  close a symbolic link to a file .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  assert and p2 are added to close side of comparing points .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that the parameter passed in is a dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in if he is logged in staff .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  upload lh to remote to remote to another refs in a stream .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs output logs the logging class .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  calculate picklechops and save whitespace .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this function components in the input adopt to properly listed in the input .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of fields for all model content available to uuid .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a tuple of false .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set up the test scenario for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of all elements of challbs .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple with the given color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  gracefully disable animations .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  for a given function .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of packages to which the blob satisfies all packages .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return list of all languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get information for an approximate account .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file or returns a dictionary with optional mapping the supplied mapping .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no args to the message .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  load all collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  return all random enabled nodes .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object and returns a python value .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns the index of a tensor along an axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  add a vlan to the vlan on behalf of the vlan .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all of the specified state .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a general color that is a random color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  creates a non second pair .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fix met for registers only one element .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num version .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  the given tag creates a node that is the result as the current thread or factory .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolve the architecture case to the h if it contains .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  enable console output to be called when printing a status .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  fetch a short .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check forced from a comma-separated value in the minion datastore .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  generator for base64 .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the helper method used to get relationship or user user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound for the lower case of w .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform an periodical periodical on the bits .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  create a table for the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test comparisons of distances see if there are more than issue managers .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  helper function to check if any of options which should be called to fail unless a domain name from code is true or false .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  execute commands and return its external command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  display the file from the main runner .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  return html from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a series of pending default scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  convert an image and rois within that project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return a string representing the information on the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  get the windows path to the ctypes .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install the qtile options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  internal helper method to create the base laymanapi .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  given a user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  return true if the argument is a beta beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as an 3-d .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check docstring start and start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this creates the thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the scalar scalar scalar in into instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by the derivation .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  separate contractions indices for use in the form .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a list of open tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a matrix to the structure of the frequency diags .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  initialize a new httprpcserver .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to an aware datetime for use in a given timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  unpickle app for plugin routines on cls .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats or remove duplicate signatures .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  create a unicode string from a python string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g has no independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns a list of items from a stride header .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return a list of prefetches of xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> usmm_csc_dense .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  get the ids of the distribution .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that gpu fails .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  makes a color with the provided color dict .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for app reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert an unix time string to a unix time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns an image from a 'media .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  for sending a buffer of response .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets all fixed ips for a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a table onto a field .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted string .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  automatically authenticate the exception when activated is blank or deleted .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable or disable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  takes a url and returns the url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average average decay .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  compare two dimensional frequency frequency .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  to be used in the database .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  get terminal size .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  module importer - open a source file .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  resize a network device .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are in the given iterable .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total like objects for a given list of objects .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns the contents of an urllib2 field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  the filename for the filename of a filename in the given filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  rescale validation files .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where the zero and the number of values are the right .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on the values of what the given match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt the given data with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  helper function to convert utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 representation .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk functions are stored .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  normalize the absolute path for a file with a relative path .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  html markup is either a video or encodes of whole revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set debconf system tokens .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return the data for a specific job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  converts a sparse matrix in **compressed sparse matrix given a qt sparse matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  unquote all the keys in the input data .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the registry of an app window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  fixture to change the xonsh page to the tests .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test the fitting for the fitting function .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute the approximate subcorr matrices for dividing .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper function to create a simple tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the zipline root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary from a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  remove irc color and/or single space from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds additional roles to a collection .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  a simple convenience function to validate the most recent buffer .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  converts any models in the queue into a list of related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when a process has been generated .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send event as event .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  get the opts dict of the master config by trying to use .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval specified by a certain number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the current sample of the given current instance .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  update a suggestion file with suggestions .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class with the specified name fields .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given address is a throttled instance .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the provided value is a positive integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an object and a fused .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the list of network interface sizes from the network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in a port .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute the weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if we need to support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a helper function to set the credentials for gce a keyfile .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return the current boot time as a dict .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  clears the plot .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  return the base url from a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns a list of bridge to which the current python brs is created .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  verify that the tpot transformations are as being moon-like goes for the same as being the same as the last argument .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the arity argument is valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the four number of sample data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for each format spec .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output from a file and stores it in a fetch file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  generate a temporary file with a temporary file name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module from the module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  handle legacy legacy complete age .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the money code for the given currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch crypto backends .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  t loglikelihood for the helmet constant .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the footer obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the latest stable version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text with the specified cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether this word should be used as an joint string .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a block device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string in a space-separated complement encoding to lowercase .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that maps iterable function to a multiprocessing worker .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of an object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  runs a command on a given arguments .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  the wsgi application which applies a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an empty loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check a mongo if mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then call salt .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update changes when a user is created .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  remove the given image from the database .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  check for file in the given company company .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a row of iterator_cls values to a distribution .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return a list of boot options from the user system .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  generator function to generate a continued blob as an iterable of values .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  looks at the location in the specified file .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function to decorate a configuration to ensure that the configuration has been changed .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  create application array using memory .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns a single count of a file from an s3 line .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  compute tensorflow bar for all series .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  runs assets on the local machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  check if its argument is a function that returns the correct string .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup a binary sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test spawns a adding an item at all expected returns: none .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input with validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  return a list of all meta ids .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make condense points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single file to csv .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of full paths to the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use with the given key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  override the config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return the position of a given event .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares a flag as key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  validate ignored tab .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield tree of the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the resolver based on the passed id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  helper function for :class:flask a fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for the openid protocol messages .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  try to get the current timestamp of a file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with binary or text data according to the type of a frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages which packages are currently installed .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  return the manage view that is available for the user .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path to the directory where data files are stored .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns all registered apis .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the message storage on the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the name is the class on text text .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  decorator to initialize a subtask to the specified asshole info .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all redis queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  stop and sort a wsgi server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list of tuples with all columns of the columns in the given cols .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  return the url to the wiki cloudstack for the project .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the log transform of the otu log table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of values .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  normal -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  return the sequence of pip on pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the partition of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  computes the wigner algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  redirects to the login page .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  returns the model class used for the comment this comment from the comment view .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return file tree in the directory tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  get the plex notification request and client_secret .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a file is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the authz .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  get the date/time of a complex viewer operator .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  visualize error between list of numbers representing the last layer of a time-varying list of numbers .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  returns the mean(x) of the input axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters date:string  formatyyyy-mm-dd  retry_count : array_like .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric used by the passed in the module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if this model has multiple primary keys in the multiple of the primary model .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  find a named vm and return its jid .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing a wheel with a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary of table names to a table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation distance between vectors and the correlation model .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests for head .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts whether two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  login to the current request .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is the historical method for a quarter method called from a list of tuples .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns true if the running pipeline supports running the pipeline .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  provider the output of command modified by command line arguments .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert 3d gitosis .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to find out the two etags in a given target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  return unicode id from string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  a view to wrap a single handler for the current user .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp as a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  helper decorator that instantiates a test if it is requested .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  frequency scaling of the sine representation of a sound stocenv: time tracks .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse html tree to a readable html representation .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and returns the available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set a users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return the first match of the given tag and the value is a dictionary of tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a message of notifies notifies .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert a path into the node tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  for all students in a course for a particular problem grades which merges the feature to be held .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for absolute url .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe using dd .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a pickle file to a file by path .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the s3cache template folder for the given prefix .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  get a plural plural from the database argument .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  follow an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return a directed graph with a cycle .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  for the array if its the multiply matrix a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if args is a list of a with a derived or its args .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  converts a list of "plugin values into a string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  wrapper to pickle .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  individual up to process the rules in the given rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find the stats of a list of tokens in the given line .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return an absolute packed instance for the specified family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the cached property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the users password of the user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  updated an unload file path .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the specified mean .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from cache signature url .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate an example rst and save it to the directory .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns an decoded version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate adu hash for the swift .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validate an xml string .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a queue .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return the mlevel level level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  factory function to experiment an memmap methods for memmap 1 .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters using mle for binned data using mle mapping this function is simply checks for keras parameters n_colors : array the null hypothesis - the observed value for binned
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  display the settings page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return a tuple of two arrays .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  covert size-string to the unix route in the given path .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  trigger up based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plots the harris points for each figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats the size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote url into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns a list of fifo read from queue as a list of arrays .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for a given track .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  convert the given model dict to a response dict .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  a version of assert that have to find common length a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder execute a finder build step for another project or command .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a range of dictionaries suitable for each partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  gets the list of users for the given user_id .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a dict of the result of a hmac data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  reads the pid by trying to access the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate an iterator over a sequence of lists .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  create a tuple of expected result of the given result .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity and specificity warnings for a prediction .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sorts a string by a list of strings .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  produce a dictionary with all keys converted to a dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common functions as long as the pep 302 .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a septets sequence out of a sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read 1000 units at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  remove latex colors from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the directory in a given directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy api-version from one empty column to another column names .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if proxies is a proxy run in the proxy file .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset **parameters**: content .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service with the specified name cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  view the list of available translations .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install packages and other configuration .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to cause a function to cache its values .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource uri in the format and returns a tuple .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a new cache to a file to download and to download the local buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  convert the arguments to a string of bytes .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  called at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  this is here for the interpolate_tuple template class .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem to the given cache to the given path .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  raises an exception if the given extension file can be found .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute to define the underlying schema that is used to refer from the class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check to see if the successful upgrade is the header header .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer the class of the given class on the given class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  show the client as a dict .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current auth with the email address that the user is currently association with the email address in .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread object for a thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node in a dict to an array .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  helper decorator for methods that return a handler to the method call .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a model is supported by a linear model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a point to the nearest name of the point .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  clean up any stubs that runs the connection .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple task to encode the binary for a given payload .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like 'pylint' .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use / to set up the database .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a users profile with a list of profile data set in the database .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return -1 for item of item .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  this function is the first malt for the unit tests .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the changed languages as possible to run the style store revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  itemgetter a tuple given as a tuple of strings .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test cases .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate an iterable of text strings .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  the cumulative estimate of the input data along the autocorrelation of a given vector .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a dict containing the default locale pairs .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  io_add_watch raw numeric to degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  do not expose method as an abstract function .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all the currently loaded markdown to a file .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop log stats by any file which match the mean .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a command with the current python command given by the prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that it works and it should return a auto-detect time .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the approximate subset of a callable .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  returns a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update local ui based tm .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse the generate a repository reference the repository made to a repository reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name and adapter name for an adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the trace for each trace that has the boto3 shapes .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensure that average rules are not modified .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or passed in a representing the query types .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  src="/files/" src="/files/" package definitions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system information from sys .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  casts the string to tokentype .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get lcd ft_library error code .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  check the number of coordinate clf is the weighted dataset .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the current page of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  return a generator of paths to the available paths of the given path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  renders the template templates for a dictionary of another request .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns false if a certain potential is in the system .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verifies that the policy is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  returns the unicode graph for a layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  creates a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  list all versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view page .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  find all gating milestones for the given user and return the unfulfilled one of the milestones for the course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve root package deb .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  return the location to the generated params file .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  start the browser .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment to be used for the current request .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  checks if the given reg is a parsed for the given assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move the last time to the database .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve cpu affinity .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to mlarr .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder -> integer a .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot is absent on the system name : string snapshot of the snapshot to destroy force : boolean try to destroy destroy destroy destroy all the zpool
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the probability distribution of the given list of values .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  get the size for the descriptors points in the given tps .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if the passed unit tests need to be run .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the first registered tables that have a custom table .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a copy of entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a fragment of a fits header .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the items returned by the :class:replwrapper list is displayed .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe http version .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  convert a given image file into an example database .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  set up the insteon platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a function to the thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  helper function that tries to cache this python standard resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string of the content of the string in a string .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find xmin value from four four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  return the scaling policy for a given policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into local components .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns a string that can be used in gallery_path .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  convert unix ticks into a time instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the path to the available executable .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry for equivalencies .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the correct pr in the correct working .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a static ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  returns the container path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended extended euclidean algorithm for the gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 behaviour of a extended expression .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  try to prompt a prompt to cause a function .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list unique elements .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string in the format of: int .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns a response status code with descriptive status code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the vsphere object args: obj_name : the name of the object to check if the dacl object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all sales of a student for a particular student in a course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help return a temporary file .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multiply the square matrix with the right numpy arrays .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file path .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  recursively copy a source file from source to the destination state .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  this view creates the ssh web page and returns a new web page .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a content tree in the source code .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  returns a manifest representation of a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  testing the reactor .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the portage tree for each package specified by its deinstall cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that the tpot values are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  trying to parse the inversion nodes in graph .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test an exception properly .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  displayed or continue the current line when the current line was modified .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  creates a regenerate template with courses courses in the form: note that a course_key .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a user object for a specific user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the cross product of vector required to compute the vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test installing from a git url which contains "dev" and --install-option .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  returns the vertices for the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  generates a unified diff of the changes in the given code and returns the unified bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color light with the given set of modifiers color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get the default currency type .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  control function for methods which are unique .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the custom token from http info and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a stable url for a stable api .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract auth current requests from request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object with the specified list of shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove one or more data from bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  completely remove items from the tap module .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a safe url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to add streams to the provided streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository mirror list to the git mirror data .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the request link to the supplied identity dictionary .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detect config file using old requirements and the salt-minion version .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx for the carbon rfxtrxmod .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of all extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dict to a numpy dict .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  download the data in a list of files to lowstate .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  computes the gauss-legendre quadrature nodes .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  check the in the user from the call to see if it has been changed or has a dag .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  change the memory location of the named vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this policy .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check for html certificates .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  get a dict of valid doctest module .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the current docker api exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  helper function to check if the given user has the permission permission enabled .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the orient and orient widget .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts the given value to a python expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  this returns the dir to be used in the pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler to be used in vcs get/post .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  render accumulated windows .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check that mayavi version is supported by cuckoo .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a filename for the filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  return the time in seconds since the epoch as integer .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset usage information to a specified usage on the page .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  replace bound classes with old-style old-style class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a cloudblockstoragevolume object to a cloudblockstoragevolume parameter .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create html from the incident form .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the most recent text for a nonparametric list of lines .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key for the registry .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a object to the encryption key for a bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  run points in order to go points .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load a module if it is installed .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return mirror plane matrix based on reflection unit coordinates .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a dict argument to a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s with all coefficients removed .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a list of word labels .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform for the input data .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an image shape into standard image shape .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* is a version .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the complete url for the provider .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a service in a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  this test reveal a list containing a special database for each execute .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the currently selected integer or the cuda gui .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  allows a single page from title .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  convert a finder .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  verifies a alphabet to a sequence of tapers .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  this is the sort of nodes in the tree structure .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to track action on changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  iterator over all the stim in a stim channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the following is a string out of strings .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  properly decodes the first header parameter from a line .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  formats code to handle lines .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  returns true if cmd is executable by the command passed as the default shell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  display the display options and print the home options for the user .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  check pipeline fails with upload input .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a filename .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of answers the given unresolved numbers as a list of states .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate affected cases for the given provider .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label + data .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  helper function which creates a union of jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  parses a single declaration_list format using a replacement for a file .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme theme if it exists .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a merge keys for duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  code that runs on application startup .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a and b are not not not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove an item from the queue .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns the query_string from the command line .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  add new module if it has been imported .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  test that the api will create an api for invalid api .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison in a single region between 2 and s2 .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the addon stats for the given addon .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns dataframe code according to the most of a unedited config file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a blob for the given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  display the media html document .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  get the qiime project directory of the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the versioned hmac version of the given body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses a request uri into its corresponding parts .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  display a change of files to specifications .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the printed output to match the stdout output .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration the prob for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align -> int rounds x up to down a .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse metadata of a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  return a string with the given key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  helper function to call subprocess on subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs a new spontaneous environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  write the configuration to a configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  returns the inverse of an array .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for any rich-club results in this page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection object for this python url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure setinterval cant choke on basket input .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the salt cloud provider .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a date in the format to a python object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  return an hasher for a traceback for the hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the hwclock and seconds from the system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get the uuid for the volume id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  load an image from a bytestring .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the absolute path to the repository if it exists .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  client a traffic server to the size of the client .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the attribute of the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds an user to the instructor for the course provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for topology to become master .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt for calendars .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build a 'template' test results for builds at certain build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  make sure *args* are not normally called when the test suite .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidates the certificates for each course in the course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a new one .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate test info in the database .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem or deleting filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  dispatch function to allow overriding of an instance of a single instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  parse a python dispatch name in the seconds .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move subshell incoming playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to enforce a function to position in a transaction .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns a flattened array .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by alias name .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the boxcox of the row .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test that vcs normalization can be written out of test database .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  attaches data to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  display the javascript tests .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  makes sure the entrance exam is not actually encode the entrance exam as follows: .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a joinable level html tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to create a figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a verification .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  calculate the area of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see newer location .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  display a message through a given message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  merge a list matching ordered by which python source where the first two lines are the same .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  get the port object from the reconstruct name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the hard history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a translate object a to one specified attributes .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  format the string for the specified jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize logging for the specified logging .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  find an object based on its text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global metric ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file from the filesystem .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string into a tree object .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  set the entry point for a language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test that a table with a single table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  import an object and returns a string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train the given command on the minion .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if the given module is in the current database .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only works on netbsd systems .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the font .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  returns the default handler for the current thread .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  fail if places places are unequal as determined by the first element .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates a string to parse the given manifest .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token to the current user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the number of seconds since the logs buffer was flushed .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that changes the time to the context of the time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create an encoded counter for the given secret .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  authenticate using google cloud provider data .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of true/false that takes in list of datetimes and the version string as version of comment .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts javascript code to a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  returns the configuration from 'root' .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is suitable for the given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  disable the gc to be used as a guard for the gc process .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parses an rate string as a long integer representing the value that is found .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  used to directly from the minion .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  creates a new object for the targets found on the target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the procedure tag by the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack the returned data into a string .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  generate a single pairs of pairs input and a dict of integer labels .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html for a given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  return true if the value is uppercased .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device object based on the pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim front and blank strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  makes unique id without initializing the name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  returns a number that is an e character in the range of 0-9 .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the project with those for the table .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to the list of the fallback found in the header .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  sets the qresult for a given qresult .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  look-up the url that contains the elasticsearch .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random sentence-like string in the given nonce name .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensures that the unicode input prefix is less than the prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the comment at the given comment url .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a light palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  decorator to wrap a pickle file to the parallel task .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  returns a case of the functions that yields the functions in the given dict .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels into all objects where each key is in the tree .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the users with the given folders name to shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  the registry does deep on sys .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid signin with openid :attr request: request object :attr openid_form: form use for openid signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the derivative of a function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get all objects matching the product product product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set a color of hls or initializing to color space .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  add the path name of each component of the path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text with spaces .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  format a new native menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  class decorator for example: in a class .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  equivalent to the game object returns: str: the current state object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  saves cover data to data file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for site .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  the whole information for kb catalog .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  turns a dictionary of lists into a new dict .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  group the contents of a directory in the file system .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index an index params to the specified parameters .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  when a message has been replaced by default .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  returns the mor object for the given property or property .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the first token from an http server .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the named instances cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the current app from the request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to capture code coverage coverage coverage .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  generates the radius of a graph with each content neighbors in the model .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get a list of all event events .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  grammars an interface .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all the lti endpoints corresponding to the given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests datetimes are made to be none .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a model to the given model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections for the filter function inplace .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a missing share share tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  make validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  cast to str .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  lookup an transport by name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace stats from an existing binary string .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check if an image is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional poem .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  returns a flag value of the variable and return the value which can be used .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup test for use with whitespace .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  cleans up the .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling check requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a type to a type in the configuration .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  signature a posix process with the specified name .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  writes a evaulates to the specified basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  return a dict describing all parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return an instance of symbol .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a new-world that will send the given interface to the sync of the reactor .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  like munge .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts the incoming bytes of a string .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the correct and zip dot if the given queue is valid .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  the multivariate estimate of the input data along the null axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named query string with query and/or whitespace removed .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have different settings as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retry function errors in the given signal and the wrapped function .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc to the correct data for each chunksize in an inc .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an object doc into a hash .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  returns the version number of the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  set options to the matplotlib data is not equal to the current scope .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  map x**m to a constant value in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the parameters of a network compute the parameters of the original penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if zabbix server exists .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca directories exist in the ca folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  this function makes sure that all the messages are sent to the python standard analyzer .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  start a service based on its service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string to base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a path to a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data loaded loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a numeric time id for the given guid id .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  translate a mixture operator to a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  convert a string into an lowercase .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  this function is the data type of the item pointed to the built-in or 0 .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be done in the array .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the list of all the plugins that a particular plugin available .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares the zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  generate an array of lists in seqs .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains metastrings ratings .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the disk size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a float with the given number of fractional value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove the resource at the given request and request form .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  print a registered operator .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return framework if filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  example of the configurable .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole from readable slashes matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if *val* is a inf .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reconstruct a list of new array and coerce .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string of encoding that contain an expression that only uses python expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  private function used to samme the log likelihood for compute the log likelihood interpolation .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a list of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names of the depend kind of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function to log the weights for the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  multi-dimensional partial slices of float overlap with specified list of slices .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  verify for passing 'multiple using a csc .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  converts special case references into residue_reduce() format .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the named database from the cached config file .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command on a remote host .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  encodes a bytearray into serialization .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app server and restart the respective discovery process .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys in the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr iteration .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  helper for checking if a message is not a regex match .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  pass the source image through post-processing images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal helper method to push a new record to the web location .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the logged-in element in the <path> .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the effect size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  updates a dict for a steady pair .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the memory-hard of two polynomials .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  it should check that the gcrs distance between phonetic and negative identifier .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts a service identifier for each service element in the given service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  dump a message to a string .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a converted date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a entrypoints prefix for the defined target id .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  must have to be so the analysis will respond with the existing name .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a template method given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  read a configuration event .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  returns true if an item is found for the item to in the item to be extracted as part of a particular item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a hash for the given token .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  returns the number of swaps relative to per exponent of the input array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all visible groups .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current timezone of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is recorded .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple sentences from text to send it to the debug message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify validation methods are not validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that fixture works as fixture .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to a bcache device with the specified name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to support debugging parse actions .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics into iso spec .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an importtask .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces in a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  install the resource handler for the encoder .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event for the service via its service type .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return the current systemctl node cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import and return the module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  for the command-line interface .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  computes the categorical distance between two distributions .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  adds a 304 result to the nt dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using the __dict__ of a list of select values .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  helper method to find referenced images in the beets report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of tuples .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process the message notification with the given message to the engine .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a model from model_file_name and return a string .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html options for the files in subprocess .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage instance for the current request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a rpc instance for use in configuring api .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has already been imported .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the incoming shape of points .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a data structure that matches the given json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the api key .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map string to an ini map .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in column .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate keys for cons to proper dictionary format .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  runs the calendarexample application with the provided username and and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the given string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  sockets sockets of the system inherit the port number of sockets to which the socket is matched .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  returns the given string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  log a message with the given username .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a matrix into a degree matrix in the given number of 0 .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read image from a file in a filepath .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a list of the mapping[name] for the given type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test when we are not a numpy array and that it is pushed to numpy .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  return a dictionary of the usernames found in users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates the given xml file against an xml file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  turn a list of volume volumes into a dictionary of their respective values from their position in a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the database
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  returns a title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns from django .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  helper for finding a volume with the volume .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the left character .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  solve url from dbms with greatest counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get the default text for a non-geographical .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  decorator to revert logging calls to pass the ipython info to avoid api calls .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  alias for users surrounding --outdated .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the internal exchange feature against the files that can be sure the scripts .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone standalone server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update the cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  if youre is set .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  this is a wrapper for testing .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the branch validation for the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  expand and return a filename .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove devices from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return true if the object is a accumulatemethods .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test if not .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse the user to a newly newly command .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  helper function for the sympy expression to be used in the sympy of the expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  convert a code code to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  decodes a commit of the given commit reference from a range of bytes .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test as a pushbullet argument .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  return functions of all tokens in x .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a sequence of samples .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  sets the settings that the user has the same name as the context .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender to all receivers .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a simple constraint: two elements of a and b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parser configuration of seconds .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxy device if not cached already .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the percentage by radians .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  manage the manage log format for smtp connections on the specified server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  receives hibernate to call .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  estimate the intermediate extraction between the info and targets .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the source node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  deletes vm options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  a helper function for standardizing samples .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file inside a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is at least two boolean values .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  test that doing tools from demarta can be used to render the mnist chunks .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  print a list of all zones in the current time .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns a rope .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  decode a single header line from quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  this function validates all errors .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  raises an exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns all possible exploration exploration codes .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render the placeholder used to html .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  produces data as csv files .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric server info that the given list of values .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  files in the hessian folder .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  like damped but returns none if d is a osbornei .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file to a temporary file on the filesystem .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  get all services defined in config .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current instance .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find a number of file with chunks in the case of each file [a .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape the given text to proper html characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator to add a test for each value of the decorated function .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a standard deviation describing the log-softmax as an array with a ccx-aware key .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links as a string .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  find a new record for a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual behaviour of the arrowvisual properties .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute a qicon using dpss .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively search for source code .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a set of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns an team team to the team with the given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save d/dt to a filename .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry resource to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return a dictionary of equivalences found in the current language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns all the modules defined in a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a list of links are in the schema schema .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the generated localized localized .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  parses table from database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  extract the documentation tar from the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  provide a wrapper for calling func using the falsearg session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a jose key from a pem string .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a string .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  generates the html of the git command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gathers a data list of notification names for a given pillar .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  this function is instantiates by the current locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  generate a random url-safe string .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  launch the clip at the given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  remove the string to the end of the string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a safe grover .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if named service is installed on boot cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns the dictfetchmany for a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a worker in a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the given list of entries in the given sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print up the stack trace from tb to limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns points in a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return the data sample from bootstrap .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  find a script path for a threshold registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  removes the data for the given course and staff usage .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under the passed positional statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that functions can be assigned to the bound here .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of tuples of all accessible xblocks that are accessible to the xblocks xblocks of the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  handle a field in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  ensure that user logged in .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and a signle bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  the version of bokeh version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work in a dataset .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  adds the callback for the batch .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return the driver type to use .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  validates that the course access to the course with the given course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  measure of the nth moment of the probability distribution .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation status for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  checks for a etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple lists into a list .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  show user input and params[registration] to desktop .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  coerce input to a python object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a minusminus matching the user and the journalist color codes .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return the path to the contract config file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create new transaction transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  makes the given args .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a list of the names of all the prefixes in the given path .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking the decorated functions .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate iops .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  process legend tables .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  return the canonical string for the given articles .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  receives a parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  helper to format the unified text in a string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  compute the cross fall-back for the two independent object .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  define the default note that the note that the request has been done .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a mapi object and a dictionary .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  check the current database has been set on the minion .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  helper to get the speed list and trail .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the number in the path where the given fsize is the number of qemu-user .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  return a serialization class for a given type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call this function via the lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to populate a form for the user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  support script to find appropriate index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  for getting the client identified by the api .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  accepts a list of position in the range .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  instantiate the test template for the test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression into expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  gets the parsed hypersearch representing a hypersearch .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  perspective add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the message can be extracted from the line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns the string to use for a given image name .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  display a type event .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and add paths .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the correct type of the value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  is the elastic elastic address a tuple of parallel pairs .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this waits for the specified vm to find a session on the result of a session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  asserts that exception is raised in the expression given .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the join tree in the given leaf tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read a wrong table for each marker marker marker file with no columns stored in a column .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  convert a number of bytes to a float .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  get data from ctf data .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test lae: and lae .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove slave on a zone .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  helper to define a valueerror that is not a consistent name .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the published entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this decorator instantiates the reactor and puts it into it .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return a list of feature names that can be used to encode normalization on each variable bound .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove non-localized from pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if a string is a valid web string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is the number of mismatches .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the path for the provided config file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create all the programs for the parent template .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called after the first call .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return true if the given class is a direct class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  generate the stream of strings in the given minimum .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy master to be a common code .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture to set up a pootle language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a docstrings for the object .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update upcoming events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a client from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alpha length of bytes to string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  cantor-zassenhaus: deterministic distinct degree in gf(p)[x] for small eigenvalues .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses all tests in a dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an upload file to a file to the destination directory .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the iterable each iterable in the mapping .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial spatial image after the given image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named named named named repl .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper to add "value" to the {value} dictionary .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add one dataverse and existing dataverse to the provider .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  helper to avoid the predicted line number of votes in a thread .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verify that the items of the supplied user using the datastore .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  for rules: .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  causes a certain method name or attribute on the logger .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a single taps to observer .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  ensure that a string is a valid format name pattern .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper to render the final graph for final iterator .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed name the name of the package to install cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  is the given kevent kevent .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca file using mkstemp() from filename to a list .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  enable or disable descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get loops from loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return dictionary form from strings .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot time page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the p-value statistic .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  perform the pairwise kernels between the input and kernel .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add a list of links to assigned links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create a new project and add it to the project .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find the temporary directory for a blob from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  start c library and return the image .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  verify http user is authorized to access an auth request .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  helper function to render a node from a string .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  lookup a key as a value that will use a tested operator to lookup .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  map the filesystem path to a list of candidates .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the mask of the given result .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete one inventory that is not already exists .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  helper to get changed from config dictionary .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the strikes data and return a recarray instance .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort a list of ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  convert a form form for the user to .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register all api routes .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  protect django .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a pattern in a different process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a review status for the paths that we can wait for the given review comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a method .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  award mode controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return an iterator over all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute wi for player information criterion .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the given dynamic meth within the dynamic group .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript lang name for the given type and name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  change the duration of the duration of an object that provides the test .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  extracts the version from the pacman output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  computes the mutual private_exponent bound to the radius for a entailment .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  try to match a device in zenoss .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  test prefix of nested command with prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename files in the container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group in a parameter .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that next/previtem throws a censure exception when the type range of range is longer than the right .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the widened node that contains a node that is not a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  look for the vdi that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports and returns a string for the given module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make standby system sleep .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check that weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given metadata is metadata and is an metadata group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the user is lockable .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  rst mathjax the mathjax script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given tree from the path .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if all items of the search list exist in the search list .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  initializes the request configuration for a section .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex and the conch to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n324 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  runs a tornado server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter line for a lines of one .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  helper function to return an xml element from a page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if zabbix server is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if the current version is recorded and returns true/false .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  adds block entities in two child nodes .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user on the container .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory on the filesystem .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check a queue with the same queue as the queue name .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get/create a new permissionset .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verifies that the incomplete list can be found in an incomplete list .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert an opcode to the appropriate type .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a glob spec file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that all lines match the same directly as they have a valueerror .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed ip address for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get cached http cached http requests .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  lines lines from the victorops service cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the format_as methods of angle can be a zip .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return path to the test file for the given test directory .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plot a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy transcript from the database to another location in the database .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of gpu board ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  type add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator to support allowing database effect .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  writes a weakness variable to a file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  update the resource view for a resource_view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes all review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the text from a document .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  creates new scenarios with bootstrap scenarios as html .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g in the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user for elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow a follow page .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help options .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  load macros from plugins .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  return the current binding .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  helper to get attributes for use with the content .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a network that is current network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return relative distance strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  coil the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns the xml tree for the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get city lat lat based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  helper decorator to provide a bug to be used in the web .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is a secure view and is associated with the permission-based permission-based .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure x .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  capture an event on the device .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value to unicode .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  return a list of the names of users that have been registered in the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to the class definition .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer value for use with the given number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject the specified coursetalk into the database .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  called when the basics of a dataset is related to a jinja2 .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a command and return its results .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns the current administrative initialized via the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function to check if a list is returned .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from an iterator of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a proxy function in a proxy .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run media on media upload .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return a pattern for the supplied pattern or re .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an arg from a string .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns an instance(s) formatted time subject to a date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  store a stream of text into a buffer .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  checks why why of unknown in the task .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity graph in the graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all tags to dicts .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a dict of the members of a tag .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds the migration with the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of packets for the given db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view page .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this is a helper function for computing a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install ssh task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main program function .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a string for safe purposes .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  checks that value is none and non-zero .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  see get_jobs() for jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update and save value to maximum fields .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common prefix of a most recent values .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  setup social auth .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of topics and apply to a network .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for caching functions that fail on the cached cache the cached cached cached .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator for debugging use with the decorated label map .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  serializes a single notebook to the plot using the given model .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that belong to translation translation has sort messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file in the directory where a given file is found .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by the req/req/create page to provide an iterator of the records for an item access via the vm .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a file .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return true if the specified directory exists in the directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  exclude_names the number of events in the opf collection .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  format the stdout for the firewall commands .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of my strings into a list of features .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  given a valid region for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  helper function for the frame page .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return the time in a time time as a time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  the following code is a unicode code which parses the character in the case of the theano function .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin allows you to convert a build message to the trend long_description .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  class decorator that forces the copied class to be used as the dataproviders .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  execute the shell command in a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to get the standard team names from a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return value of metric from metric module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all format locales found in format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  helper function for when a fake figure is added .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the nt search of a sequence in a dataset .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get the promo for all billable .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a variable to a string for use in the given value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return list of homebrew devices cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  add blank line to stderr .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  gracefully defined animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step rules with -ic .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  given a nondeterministic diff of lines .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  convert metadata to file metadata .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return a dict describing the browser output from the given file-like object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  call callable in the setting who for account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  build the national number for the parsing field that runs a phone number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for key=value ports which may be an option or a port .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a string for use in a glob string .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  check 2to3 prompt for a class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the membership and a previously registered values .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  checks whether a list of issues given a single and group issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test output of __future__ .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the tableformat api function to register launcher notifications .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone by new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions range and returns whether test needs to be microversion compare the test and configured microversion range and returns whether test microversion range is out of test to
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a user .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this is called to skip an entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  copy the given model from the plot model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a file or directory as a string .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from delta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: functions .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  mul all rounded components into integer constant .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  list a specific function .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an integer as tweet but with the whole reply .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  by resolving .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  make a row from a list of representation .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  htmlhelp html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  makes the subtracts within a map of inputs .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks a minute vector is in the maximum length of a range .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the points inside a segment .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration and opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  return a generator for the indices where the indices is the same .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that the tpot header is found in the user .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  load the ipython extension in ipython notebook .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the message name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that the format of a collection with ndarrays arguments .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  adds the flock(2) xblock_info object if the request is complete .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  extract request data from the request and stores it as tuple .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a node of the current dependency dependencies for a given package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : id | left | right | prec .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a single *query part* .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for the current request .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a one-off array from an object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  used to compute the log for a given batch .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  reverted the image parts of a bug .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  test with all relevant character when the header is found .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  trials a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  return cookie by setting a cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a dict with metadata metadata -> identifier for the image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert between [0 and angular units .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list currently set on the keys of a key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  return the n-1 or r class for the repository or follows: client-side .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for disabling signals on a function or a view which will receive the default gating level of a course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create some gp_generation .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method name has the given method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create a client for a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex address in the given string to the new ip address .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a string to the current git date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse sizes from files into a json file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  will sort elements of elements in schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes a workflow .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  get the vlan to network association .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  modified lazy .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  indent a block of text with the prefix parameter prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a local test for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  suggest agent to change a list of table objects on table .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over f by a square matrix .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build a url for use in the api that can be used to build an api url for salt myminion verifies .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the first derivative of f in x and its derivative .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or sd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  copied from valid python object .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to a directory .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  returns whether the array represents a numpy array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you can override this function before processing in the allowing module .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  handle the changes in the database .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan is the rechunk of the block rechunk in the new block chunks .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  searches for the directory that contains a given host in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a dict from a token token .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object and returns the corresponding json representation .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  use domain to check a service to check the service name in .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a random graph in the given loops .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  validate the request to determine if the http request is set .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  a package to get packages in a package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate doc .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  normalize a datetime object to a formatted date .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  return a list of visible courses for the current user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute an absolute path of f and g .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the query of a sql query for it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep the system at time .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install a package as a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  wrapper for the attributes that was used to inject an unhandled node attributes .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state of the object via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  installs pyenv and m1 cli example: .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate by cleaning bads new meg channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test creating/updating a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test if all returns before the system .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary of the elements along the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate a list of features which are not sampled by the model in a sampled .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  verify for matching regression .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  preprocess a colormap image to the given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  allows to transform an element to a queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  raise a message if the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata from text .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  find an http table for a table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the python version is run on cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the provided servicetype is a valid servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  loads the environment for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse dates in the date string to a datetime object .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper function to return a url for a given value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget form .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  install a domain into the file system .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default linelength matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  this function is the same as the value of the lines: to sort and the data collection to sort them .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a word file from a string of name .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract user information from request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  test importing importing vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a list of test cases in the given class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the compressor global available instance .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data for a test .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts a content to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a unique python file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that the algorithm num_data] when creating input labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture that provides a url for tests .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove string from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that prints unicode representation of the given expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  tests isolation forest for known class .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add the host to the host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  updates the schema according to config .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in each file in the given file list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  add a resource request to the current request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  search for a list of fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves a file to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a params .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  gets the source script script to non-blocking script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return the url to the fragment of a url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine hemi .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a single html component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a general setting for a fif plot in the vouches config .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses links to notes .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add the default workers to the server table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  es down the available template down the user and display a page .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns a list of items from the given iterable that are the index of the values in the given axis .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  returns the socket object .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function to pickle the execution of the command to pickle .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute bounding-box stats for a single image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  calculate the prim .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk functions are stored .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  a factory for dispatching .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape a string with any xml character special characters removed .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the state of a replication to their status .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  extract the string from the xml tree .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  show the last item in seconds since the last invocation .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to default format for this type to statas type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  set current audio output device output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  show course data for the analytics analytics .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the fprime .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column according to a column list .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  try to parse the backup from a file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the resolved tree of a canvas tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details of the server manager webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the type of a class takes an object and returns the type .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validates that the given config file exists in the provided config .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping before having end of return .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  loads the database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the endpoint used to determine if the given type is a scalar .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  parse time in utc time since the epoch .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  parameter for banana-encoded .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified path .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the named version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses the mapping of dicts to a new fragment in a dictionary of blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the function used for attribute on the params .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the list of credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  convert a blockdevice_id to a dataset_id for the given dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  track the independent track interval for track .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert the libcloud data to unpickle module .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that should not return one of the error .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  plots a sequence of subscribe names .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string converted to a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the votes of a users user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error to log .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns image urls for a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the list of all the images for a given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the unix time as a unicode string .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  view that allow a password to be updated at a password .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  select appropriate level steps for most significant codes .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the line number of a line containing the current comment token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return a new counter dictionary .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage into an array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is set .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read all the content of the required cache for the given file .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  this method is to be passed to the varint function .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create a new equity cipher .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function for creating a old python 2 .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of identifiers to be found on a member .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  convert input image file into max_colors bytes .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return dictionary with information about databases of the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  loads the current directory from a file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with all between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  read string from a string of bytes and return it .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a correct axes for a given axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a key into a tree dict .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for receiving order of item from the queue .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return datetime object from credit dict .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view for osf redirect to depenencies .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  search for a field on a local field and returns it .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the projects name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logger using extra loggers .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: execute a test as output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object to use for the current thread .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  string representation of the null hypothesis is currently being used as attributes/arguments .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: block execute a critical build parameter .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  verify that the kh for an dags key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  translate pattern matches pattern or xml pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to test info that is the remote object for iq .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key to use with ordered by key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the data passed in connection is not present in the sequenceable dictionary .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild the schedule rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  cache all the objects tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  create a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the home directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a public ip address for the given network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  maps all protos to another directory .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the location of the specified location .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a hash algorithm .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of the srs of the srs -> things .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  get window and return window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  unify unify against known input .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator that wraps the wrapped function to get a transaction out of a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file on a bigip device and put it to a file on the minion .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solve the linear order on the linear differential equation .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a list of all help files .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  return a storage instance for the configuration file .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to an ssl 1 .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns a phone code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  compute the profile with profile being used to generate a tp .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote the nt bit of a class .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate an instance of the given number formatted as a failure for the given report .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a fixture generator for the parameter parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  return an xml string for the given atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get reference to a resource by the resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple pairs for css / protection .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes a model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a list of the linear difference between 0 .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the home assistant server and restart backends .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  turn a number of unicode strings into a single space .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure the cluster configuration .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  marks the given request as being after a given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculate user counts for group identified by confirm email addresses .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the timestamp of a time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  obtain the application application from the database .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  a decorator to be used to mark a function as a json .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  returns the groups at x for the groups of a list x .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of the views for a resource view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  source of product-of-spacings .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a axes string .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for use .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to a configuration file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  add a search for an manual search .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and returns a relevant rules from the policy file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator ensuring that the user is a permission api only user api .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format zone-aware node as a string .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  display the version control as a list of dictionaries .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen video chroma and dimensions .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  restart the gluon .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  mock a movie operation on a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  the mvn decorator for each normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  predict the latex .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  returns a list of dictionaries with elements attached to a partition of size 2 .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the emphasizing validation .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field value for an mpf field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  return a string describing the list of string arr .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  return encodable string representation of obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  generates a help word for each word .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  returns the currently selected dhcp options and status message according to the requested vpc options .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - source database or database entries option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  updates the configuration of the backend to use for the salt fileserver backends .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function which return a list of all items in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  check a previously in a service .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call func with given spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid path to a directory .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  helper function to update the server configuration policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  cleanup an output worker for processing .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list all commands required for a comma .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of the keys from the gpg one .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of supported formats for the given formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  the leading space in a byte space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a list of hash value into a single hash .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  view that logs out the user and redirects to home page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  api: 646192: with dot for interactive 1d .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  tell the actual field for a field by removing the new summary value .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a duplicate transport of the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a regular expression object containing the images of all images in the given root node .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  runs the server .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a message if the given hostname was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the hardware address for the current thread .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  check if forum has forum access for a forum access for this forum uname .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return os .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  this function is called to tar files for taking the specified file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  parses a sequence of element in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  test to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception handlers using the accept type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set python files and return its location .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url is an about: .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the preflow algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  obtain the mac address from lib into memory .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  retrieve last incoming rate from yesterdays rate transform .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function function from the config file .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the applications avatar service for the current user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  match out the command if its arguments of the command is true .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  this function returns the reader which can be imported as a reader function .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new unconditionally .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  returns the pid for prior radvd instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  check contrast of a single binary effect .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  helper function for event loop over a single channel .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  test that it is particularly and it congruent the split mean absolute mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  loop through all the logging levels .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  registers a new original_size routine .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and returns a phone filter .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this document .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a phone of phone of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines to the switch running config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build a json object of type info in this dictionary .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations ordinary differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  generator for a set of strings .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  when using a node only contains the target node .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate the validity of an jobs" tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  removes outer ips from the specified ip .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  the required version of the currently installed .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  if called before the server is not none .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the location of the vm registered .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns true if the given id has a single valid one .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either isoformat or none -> str .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  print the value of a tagged string .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  list the due date for a layer .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  get the signature of the data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  get the directory of the current root of the script .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterator of items in g .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a list of random paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the current user has permission to do the permission permissions .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  decorator for wrapping functions that update the specified api to a cache the caching decorator .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  find the common elements of a and b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  returns the autocorrelation of the elements of a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  convert from a list of topics to the configuration .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | prec .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  language: snippets -> normalized unicode names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  the main view that returns the message .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a sequence of sequences for random data using the middle algorithm .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  call this function if a function is not available .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get file path to load a folder in the given directory .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return none if s is a string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  determines directory to use for given dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function to ip4 to uniquify the query functions for writing below the query .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine a queryset of products fields that a user has a staff set of products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  sets the value of the original attribute as an attribute .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  converts a template name to a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  change cart state if they have not or out .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load le32 step output .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  this layer is used to parse the layer configuration and is passed in from the given layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  return the length of a typedvalue .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse desktop http authentication .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that erfa is blacklisted .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an encoded string for the given address and iface struct struct .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task signature .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  generates an vertex polynomial inside a rational function in k[x] .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  retrieve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  for all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a database manager for the specified connection .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  apply the exception data to each operation in the exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  return a flat and a matrix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule and sort of a loop in a perimeter .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints the bold .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make a simple unauthenticated request .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  project management files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into [ .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  format a timestamp into a unix timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  make logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  returns the liveaction to be returned by cancellation the request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs a traffic server and return its results .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  group statuses: restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk revision is not implemented in a given revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  get the temporary directory of the used file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restore one key-value pair from a list of relationships to the current list of dictionaries .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the shell list doesnt crash when scop is not none .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  const_map_item : simple_stmt .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a delayed string in an vcenter package or string .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  xkcd test objective function for the given individual .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a word2vec examples .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  given a iso 8601 date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  determine a username for the routines of a username .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create axes that apply to the axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove a unreferenced element .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init command and return the percent for a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute the base64 kkt by a kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  decoratedfunction docstring .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lists the admin interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  calculate the surface for a surface surface mri .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of a gaussian beam .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert used to html field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister a string request to the current request stack for the next request .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if the function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  like ccontiguous but intended to identify the rational group .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  generate a useful ndarray that is the given number of elements of every element .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the binary variables in the jpl are the same as the order of a number of seeds .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  calculates the probability density function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  creates an xml tag and sets the resulting namespace to the given namespace .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  test the time div by small arithmetic .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value from a string .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch user defined roles from aliyun examples: .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  flatten a dict given a === target dictionary .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the version of microsoft microsoft sql server .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  a draft for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to an interval and returns the number of time when the interval is complete .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns a tuple containing the protect for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates an html url for a path relative to the given context .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  endpoint endpoint to get information about the xkcd api json format .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load a python file from a python file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does a generate more useful for making sure that the data in the attribute and resolving resolving .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the manifest for the instance of the directory .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore ext2 on the original restores configuration changes .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory atomically .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out the users id of the key into a dict .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  excluding - uses python constants .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  accepts an object and returns a dict of the form help id .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a script as a working directory .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a python library module by name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test that the base result of the person gui types should not be found on the representing the last column .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert code name to a valid file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns a list of partitions supported by the path .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes a uniform policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the contents of a block .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  walk a file path and find a module in the form of the file in the import directory .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return kick calculate cdf for the viewport hull .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  find all the strings to the specified named module .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path component of a path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target using the shortest path .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert a long integer to an interval .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a file template with the given namespace and return the resulting context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  determine if repo_directory is a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli arg from the given argument .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  format a string as a separator according to the given width .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any ending of a file to a list .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate a function for a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds the atomic group to the command group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test source_date_epoch as a missing .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features step tags with tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  this function makes a command to display the data for any scripts that might be passed in the command line .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random integer of 0 .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete the state of a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket and return a connection .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check the firewall-cmd status of a vm cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the comment to the comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  create an webpack with links from the webpack given in the settings .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show usage with the given title .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run the command and returns its output as a tuple .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  converts config file for json serialization .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  return the current plusplus .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear cached node .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create an argument .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify certificate signature using the private key .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive process .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a regexp or a string and returns either this function .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  version of the :class:jinja2 header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  return the max tag and target using the given data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split a list of index .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the values contained in the json dict .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  helper function to file descriptor on disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle scholz and add them to basket quantity .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a generic compatibility function that takes a url and returns the whole url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  removes //-comments from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  run a mime document .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course blocks for the specified course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the current request .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all cpu cpus .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return of the cached variables of a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite composite images using a transparency images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language for the current request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates a meas from the given dictionary .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove all the given value from the given string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a canonicalized suitable for the corresponding element of the given tab .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the unicode unicode xml text content from a file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and generate a secret key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the correct queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse progress from string into a dict .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns unicode id from utf-8 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about an image cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance mapping for the provided instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return time difference of a timezone .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  called when the sigterm is running .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send the hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  check if the modules has at least one of the numpy library .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set or disable a random rand .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  as a function .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from a file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove all children of text from child nodes .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if repo_directory is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | left | right | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  invert all pixel values above a particular image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  helper function to get a requirejs-wrapped xml file .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  decorator factory for views that a user has a new-style addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  if view is not after loading loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get all extension from github .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  a helper method to get the list of power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a new cli manager to the log manager .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  turns an integer into a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that the keys for .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne error raised while passing an instance of mne .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all interfaces and their interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that forces a client api that is the result of the api call .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  generate an instance of type peers for the given category .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  walk through hierarchy and find other units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  returns the color at a given distance between the two color tuples .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  apply a same matrix from inertia matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws 53 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the dot product of y by shape or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects the user to the page they will be rendered by the ndims url .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return the books for the library located it .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  calculate the covariance matrix for the specified covariance function .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test that runs the connection to the underlying test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns the absolute path to the current python absolute self .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template and then return a tree that is separated by the extruder parser .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all x_container_sync_point[12] .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test that merge mappings gives the list of word .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears the search index for the current search .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to get name]elif values from a requests meta dict .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  return a reference to a given reference string .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable filled with ones .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if all possible line contains an infinite line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a random string that includes no random bytes .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  set attributes for the test cases as follows: .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  creates a checker for the db .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  log a triangles surface .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a gpu dimension .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  return true if *obj* is a collection of dict/list/tuple .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  for debian and derivative systems .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup the gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  produce a test case to be used in one of the wrapped test .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a contract .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a finder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  calls epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  extract the objects from a list of paths to to_object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence for the current thread .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to the absolute path for a repository or cwd .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert object *obj* to a array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if elasticsearch libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on csrf token in the requests .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  do typical websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items from baselist as a list .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that course mode is expired and can be proxied .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a string into a number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the start .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  run a test on a single test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  write the given data to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single config file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  returns the levenshtein edit distance between two integers .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an array generate a new ndarray .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  wait for the image image properties to be written in the image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of a sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  wrapper around site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  converts a sysctl command line into a long .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes a key from the unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the driver if driver is not in the driver dict .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining paths to the closest distance from the |reclass| .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  class decorator to bases a issubclass of the testall() of an db helper .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns a list of issues logs for the given issue .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  export the given exploration to each of the list of states to be deleted .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests plural plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  find if areas based on the :class:analysis .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive a layer 2 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns the first opened time series .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate inception summary of evaluation with inception images .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  return all sub-collections of a directed graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  return lowercased string representation of truth independent .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a profile is not a valid profiles .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics to which a datetime has been osf .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build gyp and run in msvs .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns a dictionary with the dicts of the current series .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if the node is a decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a simple api object from the bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize the filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a serialized form to a tuple of /etc/portage/package .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  find all scripting nodes in a matrix .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  like numpy .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must pass .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  decorate methods with this to require that the user be logged in .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete the given image .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with pckt .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  check current settings .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization function .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test inserting and private/secret it from db .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  the main hash file .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  check if the current config is present in the correct environment .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the additional for a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new message cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  loadarff -> slave_fd return a temporary file object .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read config file and return as list of normally .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row and a linear programming row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to the same length as normalized string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image file in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the ask of the passed user formatted as a tuple .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current task that has been run for all but not yet been run .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  n bytes for simple stream .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this function before a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does the choice check if the given action is choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  count a branch tree for a tree .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine whether the object would be sent without any important info .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in usage of sanic usage works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete a template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  determine whether the index element is readable .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  queries the coupon against the coupon code if the user has passed .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove markup to stopwords .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  checks whether the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the returncode package can be updated as purelib .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups of an activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the members table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person contact contact user for the specified user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  generate the lea .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a cluster in the current cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a dictionary of types to a dictionary .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  show the current version from znc and return server version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified model to the scene_names model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the version string for the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate that the specified requirements of invalid requirements for each requirements of the incoming database .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an md5 hash of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  return the sum of a column column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  locate the applet version of a file .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert text to the file system to the given text .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans id for an object has .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function for $ xenapi types .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool xml as a dict .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for warnings header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  print output of each row and output as a histogram of time .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a fastly by its name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return the map of subtracting .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  the assumed number of characters in string as a function .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register a attempts to be modified class in the test suite or class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running randomreturn .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load the directories to fetch .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  split an object into composite format .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if given compatibility has the given compatibility .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check if a configuration is valid .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  capture command to serviceprovideeditview a stdout and code that has code .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  get a *safe* weak method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return vmdk size for convers interfaces .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  the unsafe version of the unsafe version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  get a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a folder .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  add random length to the circuit in the circuit .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment deployment deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  close a checker .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the standard dialog from the root window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  read a file on disk object .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  removes a computername from a user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging excepthook .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a galaxy artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  the most number of antidivisors elements of a square integer .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks by looking for each directory .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  filter out the tests that a method is required by the given version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  helper function for local debugging .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create a temporary command to pass it to disk .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a dict-like instance for the instance of the instance -- used to serialize django 1 argument .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get equation with its children .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse the organization to a string cli example: .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if the sequence is a file .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  visualize for utf-8 bubble .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values in the list .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  resume output of reporter .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  view for testing .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  attempt to apply a function to a class or a function if it does not exist .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  convert string to natural integers that are digits from the content_type .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse metric data as a string .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  compute the average clustering of the neighborhood of the bipartite clustering matrix .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text before and after the first element in a combined .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  hides a single recaptcha string to the response data .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team from a team team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute a fixed ip address .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift methods are equivalent and testing models .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file given its name and return a filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize stream or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the given path path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  performs : simple_stmt | newline | file_input newline .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  set the clientexception and hostname to use for the current user .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from a list of pairs .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  decrease the retention stream .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split each entry in inputs to the inputs by the inputs .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the domain into the domain .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the normalization generated by the applications of all workflow files in a users viewpoint keys .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a simple model and the tests on a dummy dataset-- model .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  for otu map file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test app for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file from etcd .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters for the list of paths to support a match .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get the list of dicts for the given dict .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the directory of the given module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  generator for the input movie names and yields a generator of os .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  draw a fast polynomial with the degree terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the value of a command to the content .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of dirname exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python values lie by file_list in a string evaluation .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the uri of a request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test shortest tree by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the value of a thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  entry point for the website api .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of issues in the database .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator for methods which are recursive recursive .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the running party context for the given object .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a hash for a given type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  give a dictionary of next prior to the next required values for new prior .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove loops from inds .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the current dsc configuration file cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns true if the given proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds or disable a flex .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts a symbol hash into a sysv integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  test that two oscillator sets of nodes by frozenset .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports reports to be rendered on their style report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test the included api_key based header to ensure that its own characters long .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  flips a host string to a list of characters .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run the given shell command in a separate process .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a filesystem on the filesystem .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by its id .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an exif .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract all translations from a given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more model objects .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate user objects for objects that are related to specify .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is a valid curve curve and false if specified generator is not a power of the curve curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  filtered-equal shapes adjust with the given value 1) .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  returns a neighbor indicating if necessary .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  return an iterator from the results of a list of lengths .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the local url and return its filename .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform a formatted record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  like str .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove nanrows and cache of y .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the audio file path to a file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function will control with git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a revision to the specified revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the datadir of all of the datadir files matching data .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a boolean field of block xblock field of the block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test when extra places is already loaded .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path to the configuration directory if it is present and is not part of the request .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model that is registered in this project .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master kubelet_args in the facts .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a random points crossover with random points .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  annotates a refund for staff uploads .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  this function gets called when the database has been run as a no-op .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  attributes the unix timestamp .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if the graph is an edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations to the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  use this for the hue to create a key that are not close the tcp .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a modules module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the first details from the set of seq_order and the second hash coin = osx .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a dictionary for a color of color instances .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit to a stream .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the given package is installed in the given package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call to call brew on the ports .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns the rank of an item in the given entities .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  returns the indefinite integral of an indefinite sequence as defined by the sum of a cross-validated .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  this executes a command on a list of arguments .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns true if f is a k[x] in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the path .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  this function to be sure that the monitor has been deleted .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to the home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the name of an object in a class .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate standard output dictionary from file parameters file : str file to make the open file in directory args .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that matplotlib works with incompatible .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a population of sample from population of a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sitemap to the sqs message for the sqs one .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the rsync output .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the current time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  handle configured help .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert an interval into a mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator that checks all subclasses of a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  like scheme .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set the active attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  perform the theano model on the inputs probability for the hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the en/lc_messages/django tag of a url .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  new otp header is created .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the location of the features in the given directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade returned by the module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns true/false or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return the list of the vms ids .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  context manager that emulating the printed override override the code output to be code when the context manager to code is raised that the context as rq .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  return the root directory of the config files .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  solve the 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns true if given fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff dictionary from the given key .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply the feature to each input data structure .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  the required jdk page .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clears globally installed cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test whether the minion has super argument .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  set up two open files using rowfunc .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to four by four matrix .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a redis redis session .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a unique file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  test the flat status of the flat b .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  find and update exists in the database .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run a string in a thing * .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a factory function that will be used to return a database .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin :class:i18nstore .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries from a client .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check to see for proxy process .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  return vector3 .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  checks the github window for python2 and returns a list of features which ones the previous version number .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a version-2 generated sample characters .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load module if apache is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure unsupported page break types are trapped .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the list of keys returned by the given keys or none if there are any of the given keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the revision the revision device at the named emailed .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  a helper to check if the given field is valid .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  create a histogram of the given cloud storage .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  compute the probability corresponding serviceprovideeditview of a given prime .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get the current mouse tool .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  this function is called to put the specified file into a background file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register *cls* to be reserved for the given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the byte order that the prime number is unused .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names from a namedtuple file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  helper for build_index(): .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get the consumer notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test cloning a testversion method .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  retrieve a locale from a locale database .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to float or a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create the path to the megam binary data .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  automatically find/download version of various imports and put it into the movie delay .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  a function which parses the default arg lookup into a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test the creation of a notation with regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value from a string to plain format .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  re-usable function to return a list of validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the performs performs a message into a dict .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add specific user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  coordinates" two dictionaries .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to generate possible lines from source file in a generator .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  yield for the native paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  add a class to a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recursively convert units into a string of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot triangles since last reload channels .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default @cleanupdef is set to the current plot .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send an email for testing a containing the given wall headers .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save _cached_views _cached_views to numpy arrays of typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string as a positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return all descendants of the graph in source .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print the summary of all registered rows .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  moves an error message to the log for a particular type code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data to a dict .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that the command line contains the given context .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  generates the string using the http template name .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get characters of text characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  require a process to be installed on a package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for valid string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum of a md5 hash for a given filen .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns text in mixed python 3 .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  gets the template string for the given object with a template tag .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse dates in the date string from the twilio api .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  coerces an integer from a 16-bit integer or a 16-bit integer as a 64-bit integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a single problem of a problem as deleted .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check if a logger has been configured on the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a users password .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  get the /s/url state of the server to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function that maps the argument to arguments .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the names of all models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes an image from a list of feature features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  handle epochs onclick .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the string of indentation from the string of indentation .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  indentation manager to make it the indentation as a unicode string .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in seconds to long integer form .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator function can be used as an provided validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water type: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the json file from the specified data .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  checks for builtin module if not be included with a list of strings .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset formatting .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  print out the groups and their groups as a list of those groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  helper function to publish the page of the page that has the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the onkyo hold tv platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  return a list of normalized lines to be used for a line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find the missing node that matches filters the listed in children .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  recursively print a clean up the zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  helper function to return an dict of encoding -> dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a palette with colors from the colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of names of all modules which can be searched for other checks .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  compiles all containers in a state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  given t and y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  return an attribute of the given object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a figure out of an ipython script .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  use this to get all persistence in the backend .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a pair from source to destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the given image with the specified criteria .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update timeline when given document is edited .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a class name from the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  read a genes results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all files under the given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn + by^2 into equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a finder of the filters .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if arg is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  secure helper for gpu_single_block_sum .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve the quota usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  create a decorator for an object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  takes a request to send an api request and returns a dictionary of url .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format all consecutive modules .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  performs polar matrices on timeout/etc matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a deferred which has been upnp with the search mapper .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install flocker cluster for a package on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  flattens a polynomial from a polynomial .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  remove all emails that correspond to the email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a given jacket from a target container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return html encoded string if it is a first html bytes or unicode .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  list all repositories within the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading to view the specific course for the specific user .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a server-side response with a given response code .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the element from the request wants to properly usually usually .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  loop over time to render times .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  helper function for creating an image which takes a temporary file and then reduce the mapping file and returns the temporary file as a file .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a container from a string .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run an interactive shell on a given node .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  transform a 2-d identity matrix to some valid identity detrending .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  removes a version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a function to be rendered for the app .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  create the full path to a destination with the given name .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return detail exception for an exception if it returns a method .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  coil the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  return a dictionary with all values of d 0 .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  build the page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a kapacitor service cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join path tokens together similar to osp .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova model for the given name .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the sum of the thin tarball used to the thin os .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install the epoll() .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command and block based on the given job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a string and a single *query data .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments and return its results .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a provider .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  return list of states states that represent the set of states states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that checks if an object is changed and reference serialization .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the current locale code .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set a alfred to be used to process .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  printf the format .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying ccx fields of ccx courses .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test isolation forest for various ways of random values in random model .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  save a new .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  return a regular expression string for the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  restore all sequences in the data format .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the query but the given rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager that changes the default language for all code inside the following block .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  parse the given state object into a yaml file .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a dictionary containing the name of the specified version .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a search engine into a tuple .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  determines the current target that is passed in .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates a list of alfred that can be used to evaluate the data for different use the frame number of nodes in the returned by the generated by the returned
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query from lib to the query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  recursively return a list of all patterns from the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the subj for a certificate from a keyinfo instance .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  filter an iterable of assets .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  internal helper function for making sure that the threads lock is not redirecting .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs that exist in graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  test the if-modified-since resource for a resource .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is testing in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  add *q_class_name* *q_class_name* to c* *q_class_name* .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  does the s3 connection of a file and saves it to the key .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  make a raw query for a given instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * 1 .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find all of the current certificate in the top of the current user .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list currently volumes volumes for the given root node .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the windows computer description :return: returns the computer description if found .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  return a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the message to stdout .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  return a call to the appropriate sample sample sample properties .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  checks if a pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function to push it referenced by tries .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if any registered exit calls to functions _exithandlers _exithandlers last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  this function performs the pairwise matrix in the model .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable signal handler for a model .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list containing the elements in the pattern .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build a paths from paths and return the resulting path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a request and returns a tuple of the form .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  returns the given element with the given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  helper to get a dictionary for the tool shed repository .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  test settext with a settext .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the metric file .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like the regular html .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  checks if the task has a custom mro .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the given attributes .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi command from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  get an argv flag for a namespace and flag[ .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this is a multiply term in the accesses transformations because we dont ask with x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt the given data using key key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  tickets view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if this issue is formatted differently in admin site .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper for defining a direct list of expressions .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of decoded - the first 16 - the cipher is the 8 byte at the
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  restrict the dictionary to all keys of d .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  manage the named mode cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get an grains from the datastore .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the description of a generator .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a weighted density estimate of a parameter x .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add page has cache or the string "all" .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string identifying the recommendations type used for the larger 'dropdown' .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples as per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module from a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template error from a file .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the specified word to the destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests for creating a duplicate user .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem in an instance .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined onto the context of the specified sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete info on the installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  adjust the old-style methods of all @override methods to class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this function takes an instance of first names and returns first local keys that this multicast with the keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the object references of the given reference .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  measures a couple couple at position position .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref for consumption outside of tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete the text from the current line to the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  decorator for a class .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  return a slice of the matrix similarity between rss and target[i] .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is make sure the given content .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of the string in string to the end node of a string in the start of a string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses images for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin allows you to support the jenkins framework framework from the jenkins framework plugin <scp+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi each time each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute content of a full point to stdout .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen to the current thread .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add a function to the default order .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  return a javascript string which contains the standard javascript of the string .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  issue a new database in the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  write a string as a fixed number of bytes .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  look up a word that the specified word on the specified word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  accepts a list of filepaths as from the mtime list of filepaths files .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return action list .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for issue cases on table .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a dictionary of the matching languages name and allows need to be used by the matching language .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get joined loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the given html represented by the given arguments to write the escaped html tree at the top of the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify inheritance on the given class even if new-style is set .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get data from the minion concerning the minion mine data .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load initial location from a data set .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command in a given command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return true if expr is nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses the config object from the config file .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  check if the route is changed given route .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  guard against measurements .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use this method to log the log traceback for any changes to the log traceback .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return a tag from a clark name in the form yyyymmdd .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a list of files to include in the directory that contains the files found in the given path to toplevel .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  checks if certificate is a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns course status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the minus one function of x is either a time value or group of equal to x .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parses a valid key-value tags from the given text string .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all known ids cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string back into a string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  performs a modular-odm operation on a resource .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  remove empty hosts and restarts from given collection of cur_time host or host if no port is found and default_port is given .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get entry for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay value .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name list of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert non-sequence .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  iterator of frames .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to a valid copy .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  determines whether there is an ssh post and can ssh view .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  create an edxnotes id for use in client api .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  test that we can tokenize integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a buffer for matching with a query .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the ang and factories for elemwise_kl() .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return data for datetime data .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  temporary save exception and contexts to an assertion object .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates a file dialog for the title .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas parent directory .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a patched module .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  this function is the first derivative of the approximation of the approximation to the principal riemann .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  complete the authentication value from an ec2 challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines the rules of the matches processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  activate a default for a specific value cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure a resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email notifications to inform user about page .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if a particular ip address is equivalent .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get the list of lines for a var(p) process .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  for image backends .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for the directory of this script .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override the given configuration and returns a tuple .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if the name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write sequence represented by formatorder .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  escapes a url for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson double to python unicode string .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  returns the ckan before the user has all industry:(%) dimensions .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logs out user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  compare arguments expected and got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  copy a file or a folder from src to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from ost of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve all roles defined by user from a list of roles .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  calculates the circular variance for detrend model .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the image and run the load for the specified image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  removes scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  helper to allow you to use for at least two urls which hosts are {key: up to use to templates on http server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns the yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup the command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  mdadm provides raid functions for linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates an absolute request for the given view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the query_string and titles for the page if published .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from a ruby or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  helper function to convert the listing of a cluster into a sort list of easy-usable files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns all non-empty non-empty or name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a dict describing all roles from the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  returns a list of releases that apply to plotly .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return version from 'dnsmasq-v'out version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get shipping summary step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  generates a label image label map .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates random fastq records for each fastq in fasta format .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  remove email addresses from basket email address .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements in 0 .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a given weight w .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  rest api endpoint for the node .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a member event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  gets language list of supported locales for each django language .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  given an option .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import a python module from the given module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  calls the logging system cli example: .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the degree of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the opengl options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure that the aws object works correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content on the given content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  compares each series of the series and all of the supplied ts .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job from the specified job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  load parameters from environment variable .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator for methods which are executed in a function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if deactivated is deactivated in the cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the hour in the series is greater than three hour @type out of the hour and elemwise{ of the last three
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned 32-bit unsigned integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides standard html .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of all handlers to our handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  returns the trace_component compatible dict representation of liveaction to be created .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if user is masquerading as masquerading the user for the course of the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  build an error response for an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a new workbook request .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns the appropriate modified version of it .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all compute columns that are not available .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the topic mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  this is been called right after each process in the unit test .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  helper to make an image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that the password for the reset user to run the reset .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  split a list of tuples into a single vector and randomly upper index of the elements of p .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add pillar on each side in the negatives .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename a finder between two brackets .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert the cluster size into a cluster size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  test that we can fit a somewhat on an array of parameters .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  compute the logspace xmin at a in xmax .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns value to packet" from dbms file value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base : base literal string .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  from url .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  calculate the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update the model if event_id is related to the model in the database .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> gzip content decorator .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  check that the runtime runtime of a dataset is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the given code from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check for a hash of type hashed .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set the current configuration option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return a list of beetsplugin that represents the same refs to be included to plotly .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to get a salt auth from the given salt .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on an edge should be a tv denoising .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of tuples from low-pass .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  asynchronously convert a python object to a python frame .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the kern node that is available .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  performs a template from a string .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version as string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses the command line rules that a specific rules .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  an internal helper function for the python2/3 error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  makes an opt parser for all command .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generate the ims object for variation .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  decorator to support django 1 for a field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this function takes a document and returns the whole document as a document .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert luminance to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a join join from a list of clauses .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert a string epoch in epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | list newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string argument to a bool string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return true if a is a a is a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add v2 v2 api path to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc tree at a given node .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  implements the 201607 .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile the dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the configuration variable .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a tokenized class .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view and lets the project .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the specified user .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  dynamically applies to the label used for the :class:context label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  create a minimal :class: .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  unsigned entry point for the scipy .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  create master to be run as master master function .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  returns the config .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns a dict that represents a method in the given dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan the certain scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  add a path to the symbol symbol .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the number of alignment padding .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess that just checks the most common value of the most common .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get present with default value for a dialog .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  1d dynamic image file .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  prepare an ssh tar to a new tar tar cli example: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  remove frappe .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize the config file and return a config object .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the sum of given sum object .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the codec name corresponding to an encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a python source string to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  joins a network using a specified double filter .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns true if the fullscreen is a 128-bit terminal .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split module into a dict .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  annoy pkg before comments are extention properly .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  net test of mininet examples .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label an rgb image to a string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple sub words .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the service contents .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in a new process .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats the list of ttk::style list so we can pass the result to ttk::style settings and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  add a new object to the database .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the content of an image stored in a folder .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test to make sure that no floats is 0 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games in the active interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the version string of the rtd version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get volume number for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a curve from the output of a shared curve .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create and return an httpresponse object containing the specified product of the given stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate the axes function of a digital function that can be a tradingenvironment sections .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts the contents of an numa maps to appear in at the given pid .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue forwarding .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city version data for a city entity data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  a sequence of the sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry under the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the jenkins result from the api on a specific result .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return an debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an :class:asynccontext object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of azs keys from pillar .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  helper for module_id in a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  handle the cluster for the cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return list the available configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  strips the values of a and b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  verifies that the tag for source is inside the tag cache .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create the gzip file to gzip the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  remove the rabbitmq vhost .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  cubic answer spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all fuzzable in the kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get a specific physical unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open one url to frappe .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  gauss-chebyshev function to write the values in a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a national number formatted for a preferred number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  unix unix string for use in native strings .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  set the add-on settings for the given addon .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yield all c{h1} pairs from the given message .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of the keystr function .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether a test is a fast one .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  returns true if the two imagecollection objects are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  test valid compatibility of empty starts with original strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  the -> repr of repr corresponding to a string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the gntp notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes list of weighted weighted graph .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declarator : pointer .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a color string to hex .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the given root node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function examples .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a utility function to combine label values from a list of title tuples .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  tests for virtualbox .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes a create a proxy settings object force: the tokenizer ansicolor of the interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a list of queue() control points .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding > that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  display the wrapper for a library .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure this attributes of new instance attributes .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates and receive fletcher measure .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test dealing sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate an xml string validation to validation .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference string corresponding to the reference options for the specified ref .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the treewidth of g in g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  shows the plot .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse the content of a host and return a tuple containing the minimum second offsets .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format the file subscription for node settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of lists in the given html .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  list the running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create custom enable enable .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to cause a public type to be used in as an apiproxystub .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the source node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  attempts to retrieve valid ids and end of bad lines .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  given a path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  toggle the data for a specific upload .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set endpoint tab if it is not in use .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url to git url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  change requests to another page .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release release .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  generate a random sample of final epsilon .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  check that a provided bucket name is valid .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this exists exists in the channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  get the get_conf() site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a decorate function to be used as a metadata on the dialect node .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path pairs .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  udp json so that they can be printed to a python data structure .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink of a theano tensor by inserting all y characters into w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart counter .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  a theano implementation of theano variables that are in normal .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  make a stream of a stream on a buffer .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  creates a new server instance .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the updater component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder prefers file with incorrect case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  sets up the credentials for all http client subdirectories .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the successive statistics for the exploration as an exploration .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test radian with and feeding .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal components based on youngs .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load the loads documentation for a key .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores a file to the current process .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load secret_key of configuration types .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  internal helper function for making sure that the threads lock is not redirecting .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  for objects which have not been defined in the file .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named call and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns a json entry in the database for the given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test the associations for a compilation file .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete view .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 return only the first answer function of bpf filters out of bpf .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  perform a multivariate normal form of the input data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders the response for testing .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  single category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore path on the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> str return the unicode number of s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml element .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  automates automates dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for 6 address .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  api to remove all repository in the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display the login class .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  parser for compatibility of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  covariance matrix for hac robust covariance matrix parameters results : array time series expansion of time series with covariance matrix assumes we have a hac .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records sql queries from the postgres server .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  this function converts a string to a subclass .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  shareid_list list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  view function to register user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode values .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a unified command to show up by the user .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may have matching tokens .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  hashes a sequence of objects into an expression .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  calculates bayesian convolution based on kick samples parameters x1 : array of the same as low or valuable to be converted to the null samples of the alternative < notes
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  use the env env to expand a string representation of a function/method .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar file containing the manifest for a given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable a specific site from the site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this is a helper function for the unified to display a list of values for a glob .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure every node is in the document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return the uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  returns the version string to use for the report .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that hugs a type works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to submit a step method for a step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a helper function for storing a test .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this function is called by the :mod:salt .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also be written into a oversampled format .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return true if url has visibility limited to previous email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  set up the main body according to the function .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby for a default ruby the ruby version to which to set as default ruby the default ruby are set .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  append rules to the response .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  called when static methods in a simple setting are the same .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string that is a template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get a kernel from the cached location .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns whether a given request should be treated as a banner .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  return a list of family of current element .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handles information for a service .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order on every object in columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole mask for ensure that the index mask are len .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %save .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys in a pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that use the function to support a function as a function on without changing the transform module .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for dimensiondata configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  reduce the ground domain of f from sympy .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for branches and facter have the supplied xrd .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the user has an entrance exam for the course of the various exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests from counters .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds for the case where none is an error and 0 is none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  returns a handle to a string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns a list of all ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate a code and content_to the text blocks in the file .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  return the cache object for the requested key key and key .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  checks if all the v1 are unique .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function apply slices to list of arrays along any dimension .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  generic sequences of all reorient starts with a list of reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  check if a formset is valid .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  writes a file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in settings .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a collection of seq1 or numerix algorithm .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order order order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method of a univariate equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to which the vlan belongs string asking .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of an xml tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data from file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files used to permission-checking the plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute vertex elements .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parse a etags of etags passed in to the rules of a strong value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file from plain to plain format .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read url and return content .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  configure up a celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the directory .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test signature created by column .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the value of a single field in the range spec .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  generate the cosine function of a sparse matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  objects from the container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song wsgi song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  create a tuple from a tuple containing all elements of the given image .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and > .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set async replacement for either fromrepo or questions .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns the smtp activity references for the given featured .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the loader stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 bucket and download the file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a unbounded column with no columns and put it as a fixed column header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces apostrophe character ( ) with greatest counterpart tested against: * url * mysql * mysql 4 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  build a vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline of the newline in source files .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a time object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the disjoint atlas graph for the given degree .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks if a cert is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator to log addition to a query at the given query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the passed in likelihood .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  imports and returns a finder by the specified path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users on the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  get the retrieve for a path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  url decode a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns the number of commits from the tree given .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store configuration value for the value of a configuration file options .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  determine if shuffler service is currently installed and can be used .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the pipes .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the app has signed certificates to verify the certificate is signed .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme if its not running .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  accommodate a number of bytes from a number of tokens .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the first entry in a list of tuples and return the resulting line numbers .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  updates the number of begin and the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert an array to hex string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to the parent directory containing a module or none if the file is installed .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given file .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  build the windows runner for refcounts and update each ctypes .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  decorator to run a requests map with some event threads enabled .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  those that matches dim dimensions for stabilization hmac1 .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and retrieve a module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the name of the current request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get the configuration for a specific key cwd the path to the mercurial repository config : none any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a llvm llvm integer value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  casts an array to a 4d vector with the data bermudez .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  return true if the named service is not enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  download the daily average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the hardware architecture .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distance family .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  generate a list of items according to the collection and limit .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the token from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a two-coloring of the graph in the order edges in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a list into one size of the previous cache .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  only parses an argument in a template .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if {unique_id} is negative .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits a sequence to popall .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush postgis from email address .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate all expression into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the input array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if specified port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url that can be passed to the uri .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to check if an object is a class .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  returns the entropy of x along the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the current locale encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the nth standardized moment of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  see if github user has github credentials .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the first flags .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value consisting of the appropriate string in plain text .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return true if the named user is deluser .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph for the given list of word alignment .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  retry -> returncode run a function with a given network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a dataset to be of the package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  minimal minimal to 2 .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  helper to catch the url to the http request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible wsgi-compatible for the given country .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  return url to avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the status for a particular user .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module by module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test sub-attributes represented by l{flattenevent} .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture for creating a test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  initialize the grains data passed into grain .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file system path to unicode path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] for large to redefine .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of feature-based strings from an instance of the given class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show version of zinnia .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first two array in expr le the array in the array form of expr .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that makes django primary key from an instance .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for four moments using a params method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a helper function to get the list of ifacestartswith .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  returns true if given fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a path with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  run server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for map popups .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes all effects from the contents of the provided web .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  validate api for the email address .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  the user should have a curve curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if necessary .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a username to a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display the default contributors for the views .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute printed function fix a pca to download data .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  note: runs a function to add typing .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get iso8601 or none .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container into the specified image .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python interpreter file from the python directory .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check whether an meg type is of type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find the full private subdir for a ctypes run .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return from a list of flocker to be a list of flocker nodes .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  returns the exploration to which the exploration matches the memcache id for the specified exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  handle the output header of a sff file handle .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  converts a string argument to an integer .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set and scharr the request object .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error of data in the namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  move the value of a number from a key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test hash and show_fiff .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each line of a list of infiles to each outfile and delete them .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  delete a mount target for a file system .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  check for all groups have been not been not valid .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse the app from the oxml configurations .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a link .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  compute the caffe format for a file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess a string with a given root .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  helper function to call a single server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql model for column mode .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly holes to sqlite and isolate .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the page exists on the page of the specified page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds validation error dict .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that the policy is using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  mock configured backend configured to use .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solve the linear probability space conversion .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a string with symbols removed .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for lines in a single group .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given document .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  reports an error report if there is no errors report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string encoded in rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  list all repositories within the package_files .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a view decorator which ensures the project may have mapped to a project name .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to wrap api function to cache files .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  match a batch with a variable in the make .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without fit .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read a preprocessed mapping file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks if the response has a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  checks order of cov fields .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a text and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  helper to resolve .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract selected matching string from a given comment node .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test truncate x labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sets the result in the database .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync app via customizations .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  helper on documenting documenting object from xlrd .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the host string according to the given process .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  test get_object .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  add the default feedback url to the default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  add a pseudo module to the list of linear module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test for api-call report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  encrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads an image from the file system .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  inspect the received tool shed tool shed repository from a new one .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints debug message and debug info .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirects the user back to the page .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  return a local plugins for the local machine data .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  mark virt product size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  return a list of tuples or iterable of the same order as sorted_list_difference .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape a dictionary .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a site configuration .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  returns a low-level client instance using the specified session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  return an messages for the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  runs the next item from the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape to the input .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  listening_ports listening_ports .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will not be called in the [hdfs] of the decorated function .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  like prettily .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual service instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the variable .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of tuples within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper function to get datetime objects from a list of format or none .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  returns the feedback form for the current user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  returns a single quantile value for a set of tuples .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the list of identity pool for the given pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to the string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator for copy_reg and load datasets .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  returns the flavor policy for a given requested image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  list package installed .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get all the three ip6 workers that are in the other .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert the image object into a png image .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as safe for use in urls .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  convert x .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decrement the given text and returns a generators of the previous element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  clone a file into the file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points within a segment .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  make a bluetooth options .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  yields the module plugin_path for the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  list unique elements .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size in the linux system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return the time difference between the cpu cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a directory .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor on sitemonitor .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  delete the state['cache'][key] to be deleted when the keys are deleted .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d numpy query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource page for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  the mask mask is a unified file .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  display the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses input_spec and return a list of divisors .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  render an int in the given indexer according to the container .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all installed locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled sent .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a field definition for the given model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get an instance of a vlan that contains the given vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the elements in which search is a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  calls into queries for querying mode .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check for module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to alphanum .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the person tag for a given tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a remote host to a remote host using scp .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  returns the team of a game stats .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  the core-site of a series expansion of the series expansion of the series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  support multi dictionary .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a rotation function at x .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  abs(z) := .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  find the search rank of a variable with the given status code .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  creates and return a dict of prior records for each prior of the prior dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : start .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  disable an =ab connection to the system .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  returns the post-install post-install list of best config or none if there is no one given configured .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  handles statement for a bug that raises valueerror .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds blank to the docstring .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a dictionary describing a volume from a source parameters .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterator over the items of a dictionary .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  scans goodness of the maximum rmdir .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape the object clause of iterable without going .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the modules to the value .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  return the list of users that this user can be used to complete the verification database .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  call this check against a fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute sysctl of a sysctl key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement for a replacement matrix generation function .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  lower-case data about the particular unit extension extension for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a dict that has the same column as the gsetting protocol in a dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the argument for the given topic .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  drop-in norm of a csc/csr matrix .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a ansible ansible < not yet for a user .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create a message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  adds a scalar decomposition of an array .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  takes a list of dictionaries where the variations is unknown .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  this function is the number of estimate of the positive integer n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a new exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  inspect the bracketregion event snapshot for the received repository that has the received membership .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class for an object with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert that a signal is returned when the signal handler is complete .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  check whether the given node is in a special context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume checks .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns an array of colors that has exactly colors .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the increment from the sides .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  returns true if the current date has a parametric date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a compiled rule that implements the attribute easier .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a field_name with a pb .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code if app is present on the request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of active user ids .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a manager for a given engine type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  check a file has been identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert obj to the object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line number where the line is the two os .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  read extensions extensions from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to set the current times in digitalocean .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the convex polygon to the input data .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  the main entry point for production client .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a database from a given database .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a gravatar given an instance .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean along an axis offset .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the global challenge for the current thread .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  fixture that mocks and returns all redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary string .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator to produce a function or method lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the snippet of the element index .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  update translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  returns the plugin :class:i18nstore .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  return the absolute value of a * a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the class is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  turn all paths into key/value pairs .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates each tool of the tool shed is in the tool .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value of the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  generate a test .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  splits fullname into kinds dict .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  get the value of a connection to the given subnet list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return random text of a random string .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return a list of all best services which are on the given service types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  anybut(s) is an re which matches any character which is not in the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote -> str get a string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the action used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete the file descriptor to use for args from ctypes .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  generates a list of dictionaries representing the props column names .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  static static pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy an archive file to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of all working workflows supported interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the external book to the root of the book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  filters out non-english and its contents .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful string suitable for ctr encryption :type executable: string .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping urls when an entry is visible .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using a folder .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  print unique uuid .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  for osf the account .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs against an rsa request sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the target url to the target that contains openssl-compatible of the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create the temporary directory for the project .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of event events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  applies a collection of attributes to the given trace .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator defining a list of file names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all networks by instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the page class for a page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check whether we can resize contained within an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  set up the #1927 sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  uses a string to search for hex fan-out .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  view function that returns the current config if the user has a valid config file path .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state to required proxy process the proxy process and required file to add proxy messages to required proxy process the proxy process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a variable length to the associated unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  convert the given data to a file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the token to the url for use in http request .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  start watching a preview .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary with keys converted to a string .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the column name from column and the specified column string if any exists .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parses a 1024 string as a bytes object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a datadir to download the datadir if there is missing .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translate the given url to the correct type for the given language .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the provider concerning an existing service .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  function to create a configuration object for configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  support flow to bind a file to the final data .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the tree .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof case of data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  returns the class of the class takes an instance of module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns a repartition samples according to the expected frequencies .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a view to login in the datastore .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  broadcast a change to the nearest plot .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  check if printing should be installed .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns the matrices in the diagonal matrix .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the edge boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  check if url is running under https .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by a fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  tests qiime when determine_repo_dir() are if same .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute exquo and g of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test a case where tag_sets .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check whether worktree is installed and was was numerical versions of worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the content to a repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get a loop note: this loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view function to allow taking confirmation page to be used when they are from confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert the current text into a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the class is the same .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  euclidean l2 norm of the difference between the root of a function .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  loglikelihood of normal loglikelihood to the horizontal function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape the values in a backslashes .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths david eppstein .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  send python objects for python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the nodes in the nbunch .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball to create a tarball in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return the configs loaded with the schemas provided state .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the length of the node with the given standalone .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate tests for run the test suite .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  retrieves metadata from an object .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  update email preferences for the specified user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take a list of string and split it into a list of .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of all constructor from a given runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for the decorated function .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  microsoft %u classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease from the psql denied server .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the given directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return string listing valid art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert ip address in the binary representation to uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns the current column that the vm will use to .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  create test file for use by various removal this code has a given directory that its parents .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure enough hex string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a new theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns a program to store a program in the system at filepath .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  converts size in given size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate the current doc format .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew for normal loglikelihood wrt mean mu and variance sigma2 parameters data : array .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  return a valid config object that can persist the downhill node to feed .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  helper function to retrieve the list of ppid .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  convert a string into an integer according to the encoded offsets .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the data in the given data using the gzip content encoding .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  function for p-value abcissa transformation .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  hash a bunch of models for the given queue .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the python version from the *ufunc* shouldnt .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert an empty latlon object to a new mainline list .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if a request is inside a whitelist request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  return a template that uses the given template with context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to the requested request and end .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy for use with lrusizecache .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach each representation of the queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers based on sequences of length 3 using a sequence of sequences of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string to the given file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  display the content of the given page generated from the page .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the names of the baremetal one .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  apply optimisation .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shutdown a node .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check if a filename matches the regular expression pattern .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if filename is a dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  generator function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a public byte to descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  show the rate per rate per second .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  moves an existing widget to the primary widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale scale and rotation matrix to an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  : ref_type | identifier for : const object identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top five recommended brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict for each types of its data .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  print a new task to stdout or the given file-like object .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete a repository .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a datetime value to the installed_apps .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  helper function to kill a job job id .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  get the split line if the split line is in the first word of the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a single dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test project with non-prettified input .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  check for email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server to see if the server is actually installed .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the unicode string contained in the strong file .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack a database to a destination .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update volume types .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  puts the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares the image to find the getrsq for a given banner .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  waits for any input to display .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm of a non-negative matrix .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  look up the value for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options turned on switch .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  coerce a numpy boolean to a bool array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user id from the database .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a running ubuntu on the minion .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  returns memory since the number of memory in the passed in .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  produces the input prefix for the prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount a file to disk .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the given image path .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the long description for an onionshare file .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a dict of strings matching the regexp regexp .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string s as a byte string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator that builds all elements from product of list .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost set .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate sample sample data from the upload file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform binary l of the samples as a function that has a cycle .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python data to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the release group of cover art for a release group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of a given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a :meth:sessionbus socket for this process .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  import modules in global module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the bayesian item works for bayesian popular tests .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process for process with respect to clean up ar standard deviation 1 .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove leading whitespace from a string .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll email factory and enroll email address .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  print the forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  mark a path as path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculates the longest common elements of a sequence of longest image .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  checks if "asset_id" is in the database .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  updates comments in parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return the total rss for rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a raw head file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  respond to top level namespaces .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  require an openssl package if the supplied package is installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  create an admin extension for the specified url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return data for a distribution assumes it is a parameter .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill just the module if set and white attributes: are different .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the username of the current process u .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  checks if the address represents an ipv6 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  takes a string and returns the number of characters in it .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates that the given data contains only reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  see if greisen for certain mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate a list of all weighted values in the input values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get an sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an rfc-2822 timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  return the kindle parameter in the regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  take a history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  extract the contents of a template macro macro in a dict .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry this plugin allows you configure a build step that will execute the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment dry .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build content or *log(x)* in the portage jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the persisted_block student .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  converts a string to a valid filename in a safe way .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure every object is iterable .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  get a query string based on the query to get the list of words .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate that the value is a valid anytype .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  like check_output but supports the test client as a report number .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  like hook but raises valueerror if they are not set .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the class name of the attributes object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all reservations belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get an elb node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  adds single auth to azure we receive in case of logged in the url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  django integer to make the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  check that a graph in the console are valid .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  produces the linear transform of the data as used by the parameter name .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  sort the nodes of a tree node into one used to sort the tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to add/edit categories from the database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in a platform basis .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return data to a carbon carbon server .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all users .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj into a hash value .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create an instance for the value field that are apply to the received repository types select list .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the euler quadrature nodes and its derivative .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host on the host system as enabled in the chassis .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new container cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a datetime object to the integers .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  return matplotlib matplotlib display of a list of matplotlib subplots .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates the number of bits from a given number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  function to pad a fuse using a function .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the tree to the sympy expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler showing the default template translation template .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  print a map of legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  generate cli manager that the user has an cli manager .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a tuple of tuples .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a function to a url for use with the same args .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  returns the vpc matching the vpc id or the vpc one .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from a javascript file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change value of rows by name .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a figure with the specified sizes .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the list of for the current thread .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read a sequence of urls amount of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  delete the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  using pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  returns all config options for links from all config files .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return same as os .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the such as behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a breadth-first model instance .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles for each user : string username default_hidden : boolean print features list of roles to query for all .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  the fraction of the rst translation code for the given language .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test that we can randomize the corrmat p values for a corrmat or more distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get the class used to process a file that contains test data .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified relative to the place .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the throttle options .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  decorator that forces the decorated class to be used as another "name" class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this makes a new plot .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of changes made to a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content into mongodb .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  return a metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolve an extension of type that should be defined .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the volume of the local volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  a helper function for computing the top level of the direction-w to the top of the latest version .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  helper function to add a users username to the actual user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  generates a new file at the given arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  notify the order of invoice for purchase with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the current config contents of the specified config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  the task to add a total count to the context .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the python object from the supplied encoding .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  returns a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  return an stdout/stderr integer part of a openrc .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  handles the password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to be converted to a multinomial form .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  for windows .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  use this function to convert a parent of the form that for regular expression .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command and if it fails .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for routed interface .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  test getting a significant editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  alias for default rpc .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the source value for a list of the polygon .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction where the zeros are the same .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints s to the log file which the factorial is true .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute an inverse operator using epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  generate a random integer appropriate for corrupt byte .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  filter the secret dict and validate the given parameters dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the unix timestamp for a given pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  a=1 comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return the number of iri in a string .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema in the database .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  helper function for restoring session .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  the 31 date for the [batch_size that are in x .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective which the perspective which the perspective providers .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model a case with explicit upload .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set or update value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label for video images .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  access to a saved playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis board .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  like strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  returns a list of fields for the configuration .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method running a interpolate .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the requests for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a salt job jid diff for a salt job jid the changes to diff config file .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  given a symbol object .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish to the topics .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  fill_include_names and fill_exclude_names should denote the same way as they are in the default value of a couple graph .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test fit and sample routines with ros sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return a regular expression string for the given pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  helper function to perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a edge connectivity for the edges of g and target using the directed graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure the state_category page works properly .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  set a internal for the current thread .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the built code of the running params .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  read all the info inside a maildir .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load a plain keyfile from a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  verify a user is valid with the given name .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  the notification view that the permissions for a given user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if the tool looks like it if any of the given tool like .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return a configparser object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  shorthand for horizontal .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  displays a list of pairs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the xml elements of a footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade a setuptools package to be installed via a release .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  create an index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  represent an ipv4 binary address as defined in network form .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  returns true if there are a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom view to verifies that the custom cookie cookie can not be signed .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print a message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a monitor .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  get a value for name from a comma-separated query parameter in image .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  validate a valid color or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return the current error formatting error from the given list of errors .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure a value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the application to a file in the repository .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  gets the config to a log file at the specified log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  the adds the given character to the given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  frappe frappe and derivative .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for the login to become login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  return none if no image is found for vsphere .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this function will delete all buckets in the bucket .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all of all of the files under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of tuples from the given file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the file case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function to the given name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the covariance matrix to a 1d line mod(p**) .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a fourier transform or cosine-type transform f(k) = a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the size of a sequence .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the attribute of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a plural values from the given plural data dict .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns 3 stretch with gamma scores .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  helper function to convert text to html and *group arguments .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  returns a restful crud controller from bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  helper method to ensure that a threading thread is still installed .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the difference between the git extra_args .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional convolve filter using a multi-dimensional second .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one dimension than one dimension parameters nm : ndarray the distance matrix .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  indicates which word for the word is case .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view is called to allow x-api-key view of the security group in the context of a user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that useful to be imported in a separate alternative for the current application .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  url decode a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  this returns the defined: grade for the particular problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers an image handler for the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  ensure that the state config exist in a threadsafe order .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  requests -> 3 return a list of dictionaries containing the line numbers for modified files .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the given path on the device .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just prints the most recent demo .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition list of partitions .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  get a list from slug .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans the content of an url .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  produce a compatible dict based on the original sample id .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice attribute dictionary and element matrix to the decimal value .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  list all compute objs for a specific computenode .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sets the time left and matplotlib settings .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  common function to return true if a key can be created .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  search by its service name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines after class definitions .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  solve a function using a threading and produces a list of sorted result to the function .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  produce a code for the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests the approximate implementation for the same name: the symmetric implementation of the pooling 1 .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  this should be used to get the end-to-end temporary directory .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert numbers to timestamp .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  the given httpresponse with the given vary header name .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  every key in a sequence by a dictionary .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  runs a random subset of the members of the original function .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns a vlan to use in a vlan only .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the global options used for the current request .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts data to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse key=val string to lexer strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  add vcr to sources .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that returns a depends depends on the specified depends .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation cli example: .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze a setuptools package to the python installation version of the package .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  causes a certain method name or attribute on the logger .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  retrieve a task object and return a dict of tasks which are in all tasks .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate the fnpickle and imports in the given object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses policy to the tree .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  return a prng object to check if the raw packet is valid .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check whether a given object appears a specific implements the given implements .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a mock .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  basic rule .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset formatting that allows us to be created .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  setup iframe livestreamer livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  only run the decorated test in the decorated test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  check whether a server handled is successful .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the current logical packages .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  if the diff subnet is the same as the current subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as missing .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load language from translated language dictionary for the given language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  gravestone doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  return a set of tuples .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the channels to a gpio harness .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get list of all supported plugins .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  implement the implementation passed .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string of the hmac-sha1 of v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  helper function for the listing types types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  helper function to run cmd in a class with the given prefix .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates a certain security quota value cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns files in the database .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the querying class from the ports builtin .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that 3 ways of a date .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator for creating a dotted data test .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a ticket .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function for creating an internal code .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get a list-like list-like object from an installrequirement database .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the ifttt variables .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check for each translation in tests that require import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  raise a skipexception from a block device .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  the meta objects for any of the objects passed in the given module .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  these decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  register a smtp .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write one element to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply the data through all the positional iteration .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  vouches for any of the compr for processing .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the squared squared standard error function of the input array .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create and/or enable a widget takes optional request .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a bytes in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to install a gluster volume group .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  calculate the dict] dictionary of the given 1st .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this is a test if you should have a good factory .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  try to convert unicode to unicode .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update the quotient for each session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of layers for the named container cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  retains the guid for the computer representation .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  recursively update the given dict .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve course cohorts for the given course type .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is the product of the violations function .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use during the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds media files to media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper using a stc using a stc interpolation .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test that when installing from local directory with no setup for no setup data .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a keyword string into a set of keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group from a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve the bokeh xrefs node that contains a pending xrefs .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  writes debug message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create the test root directory for root .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance instance by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two two addon entries into a single path where the entries are just a list of two addon .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name into a private namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  report file to be used in base .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  returns a multidict for a single object .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify the specified cron job is absent name the key of the specified cron user to remove user the cron of the specified cron from .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get definition class from a frame or a given frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about the iers setting .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  search details for a message .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options :returns: string .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  used to determine the path to run the given profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  this decorator activates commit on a elapsed elapsed time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the swiss sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a set or structure to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  find absolute user ddir directory and add it to the default user .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return path to the absolute paths .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a list to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  confirm that the user has avoid positional .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a task as when executing it all students .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  helper function .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  remove from text to the beginning of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write a repository graphics .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the percentage of elements in iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  generator to extract the csv file and write it to a csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update quota allocated or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  asynchronously allocates a model in the datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write the current checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  this is an iterator over a sequence of strings .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a continuous random variable with the given size .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return a dict describing all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test isolation log-likelihood .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  given a path to the preferred resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test media plugin for social .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  decorator to support limited to local functions and prevent django data directly .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests for creation creation .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  perform the labels between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys in json dictionary are valid .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new instance volume id from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  partially format a runtime_config: expression .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving locally returns the current local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a boolean if a and b are equal to b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a shell command and returns its output .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  produces a list of tuples .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns a list of zip submissions to the submissions zip file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object by string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the previously saved scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return useful information .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run an entry as a cache for the category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute hilbert transform at a time .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  convert a string field to a lowercase .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  escape the support for the arguments .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return a dictionary of the verbose contains a given expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  deletes the given request on the disk .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam to process table for specified video to rows .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  parse the state of a plugin plugin into an ascii plugin line .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the subnet on the password .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an error is a normal distribution parameters in_files: algorithm .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge stochastic model .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parses the core site configuration .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common only the common received path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for the given host and port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute the length of the variable length for each t0 .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the package client and install if it retrieves one .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validate the value of an http auth uri in the uri .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a usable httplib inside a /var/lib/lxc .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value for value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set new video spu' .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project with project name dict .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  check if a filename matches another patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes a value using the preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for the specified course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing current shell setting up scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle text for registry .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get absolute path to base directory where the base refers to another .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate sphinx version string for sphinx in twisted time .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap raw image .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  generate a dictionary with version information for a version list that version strings currently fulfills configuration .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set owner and logging for each directory created .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure configuration is present in the given value .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the given location from the image_data .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration and update it .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  use the component api to split the cyclic into the respective list of cyclic .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the kinetic energy of the probability distribution .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module name for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  a context manager that for temporary official default app to be used .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  section a section from the url .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  checks whether obj is a file-like object .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method calls the find_current_module method .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve varchar * .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key access id from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a 2-d point subject for knot filter .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  return the pid of a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data for a kwargs['opts'] cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run a command and return its output as having it .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  display the signal handler for the unix command line .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given an extension .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  create the parameter .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  invoke a l{deferred} that will abort the reactor using the reactor reason .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple of lists from a json schema .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a store that just checks if it is a pending behind contains .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: do not working node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a url to store and not found for the primary key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create the devices in the database .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  returns the estimated population standard error of the values in the array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  helper function to allow querying published fields to updates the course of the course that have been published in studio courses in studio .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse hankel transform of f(s) over a topojson image .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like str .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of the css css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a value from a brightness to l2 temperature .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color that blends from the color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file name and add it to a file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return grade grade object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save the given plugin to restart the restart plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  handler for available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns the mask to use for pixels .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  get the first element of the alphabet corresponding to the given date .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a base-10 that uses the columns of its name in the system .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert an opcode to an rcode instance .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the format_string address for a positive address .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator for marking a function to be profiled .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  returns a dict mapping all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data and turn it into the number of data .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a simple graph for index using the gzip per nodes .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a formatted number of the master decimal .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split argument into a list of tensors .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a pmap field for the value of an invariant field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  prints the current environment .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  cram if the common code is nan by a maximum line .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  create a provider location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  format/beautify a tarball as a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops which maps most loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query from the input list of chain .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the lower side of a range of the result .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  when using hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run a string .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  create a figure and a pandas file .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper function to skip test if validation is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an base64-encoded key from the sha1 hash algorithm .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for encoder .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string of random characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised in the regex .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  execute a function and retry it if it is raised .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all tests in the given list of tests which are met .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  loads a class from a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns true if the given string is constant to constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the arguments .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with non sparse input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a list of nodes in the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  load the prefix for a given prefix from the locator metadata file .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the data for a given directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  it computes the warn() policy .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check whether obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  helper function to convert an locationglobal string back to the correct polar format .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests if n is a independent random numbers of p of a wildcard wildcard .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title into a title and width .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  returns a dictionary of length nnf .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create the entire directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  launch an editor -> qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list with the names of all collections of the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv files made within a csv file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for dimensiondata configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the value from a dictionary .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  attach a log of handlers to the internal children of handlers .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the dark sky sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  validates that the key is a list of strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  load item from an item if item is present .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check for given flag .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  return the lock from the lock id associated with the given id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check for a dsa object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application error to a os_vif app for the corresponding identity identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load an image class by given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  call a function in a thread and write it to a file or a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for project tp .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete a image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  helper to decode json so that it can be embedded reading .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes an object and returns the corresponding string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes an object args: name : the name of the new one call to the disinherit to the disinherit opts : the object that is disinherit acl .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string to a name .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  compute content from config into a internal json for config file .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check for log translations .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  build a worker to reset to just checkpointdir: data .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a host=services_url from a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  repeats arrays are equal .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  refresh scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string for the given game map to a list of character .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a service name discovered into command .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a blaze offset from a kwargs dict .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the required keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  return an iterator over all files in a given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg makefile in the dmg file .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return information about the lsmod for a specified minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create vm fields and backref from vm and backref them .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the content of the format that can be found for the given format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message from the given page on the given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  enforces the vector to cross each row in the string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill the pid by trying to access an pid process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of the mapping file with optional mapping .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a jid is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a tuple for the current cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} field name .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  add a message to the default dispatcher for a given type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the object is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  adapted from url .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  generate a random word of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  return the slice of an object along slices .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds {'query' to a query to a url to the appscale location .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  a generator used to generate batch of slices .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates the tags from a list of 2-element tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  runs the command and returns its output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain name for the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  generate classpath to allow classpath of directories to be used for all tables .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all python files under the given package .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the full email found .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return an instance of the appropriate client in the given twilio .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  get the sqlite3 options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  find the jingo_minify tree in the container name .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert numpy coordinates to elementnode matrix .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  this is a helper function that returns the ndarray filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  the constants along the arrays of a variable .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given input status .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  create a new logged in the database .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image object to a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

