test:  reorder the cramer suite for a matcher type .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx switches .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the probes on the current existing configuration .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from data source list of arrays .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds paths with a theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  provided blends path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  return full file path for test files .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a policy via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  bottom a gnu triangulated surface file dialog .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  cleave   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a user-defined test unless a call with regions screenshots .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  are   step
truth:  null   method

test:  program a program or swap an action on the vcs document .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  consume   a
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this fixture to change current test config file .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  read   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator which adds a message before getting any cached operations .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  parse a string like utc time field .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path with a beaker path .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  a depth-first-search colors .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change the users brands groups .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  to   grain
truth:  process   process

test:  translates the list of minimum input types to wsdl in a wsdl numpy .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   a

test:  replace all special characters with a string using an string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an error variable onto a single vector .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  makes   relu
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the variable contains the given value in the start of the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the index function which have older than or equal to right word .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   lhs
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect user from a requests .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   logs
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace macros with unix whitespace .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  update   change
truth:  fix   line

test:  n325 - check for jwterror .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attempts to simplify field or removing search character keywords .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  create   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a url to a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to do the exception of iterable[dict] error if missing error is present and stores a serving error .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  handle   endpoint
truth:  request   request

test:  computes a tuple of time seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  want   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  wrapper around print() .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   names
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert linear move sequence .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  is   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the type of the chain based on the given file-like object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  control   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  evaluate a string or a chars .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a description of one patterns or more operators .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   build
truth:  build   a

test:  this function returns the main command line of the path to the main library .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task wrapper .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  receive   time
truth:  start   start

test:  best total indices are stored within the desired sample .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  taken   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  this factory to load one of the integration config variable .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  uses lib2to3 to override specific value for the given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  look   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a pickleable group of the specified type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  defines   null

test:  return a suitable network that split response with evironment .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  list haproxy servers socket haproxy backend haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   server
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attempts to find the python file or a directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  go   null

test:  initialize remotes file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  initialize   point
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a convenience function for connecting or spsolve + local value of a but only one single variable whose nonzero are stored in the exploration and stored in the request are
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  to   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  set new password for user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  set   get
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume volume volume volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this is a lambda function that i can be used in a single string solver .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  stop all configured tests by scheduler and down the task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  returns norm of the points cli example: .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  base   predicate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  merge different ordering between left and right dictionary .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   directory
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of strings to an c{int} sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  runs unwanted on the process .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  call   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the flexgets < set url version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  logs   package
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around the namespace that appears a namespace with the given namespace .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  return   format
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return a list of active elements from a given list .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in openshift text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove data from data .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generates a password hash .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generates   password
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the directory where the pack path is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a decorator for handler to fail the user under which tries to handle the 500 error message in scripts .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   level
truth:  null   api

test:  download the first downloads of the scp file .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  run   run

test:  sets up namespace class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  create a mock python sandbox based on the contents of the python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is valid .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in a key/value .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find the line-feed ports local ports expression_opt .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  find   get
truth:  turn   a

test:  check that obj is an object with name .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  native native sets *val* sets into native nrt object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  reflect   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating dominated to a graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  construct a scalar structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  to   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  construct the url for the given section in the course redirect .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a node instance representing ec2 concerning an instance .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return path to a directory .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  known   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a listener .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  set   x

test:  find number of seconds art .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  look for the parent of the connection cli example: .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  name   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the shared fragments for a given list of distances .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method called when main task is transport .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_params_and_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  form   form

test:  converts the tmp output path to a file path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  converts   directory
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a resource access .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests if port can be done by a string .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute graph g in each directed graph .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  reads all records from one records and write them to a file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  assign the transfer documentation to the elemwise symbol symbol .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  rate   ids
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page with name .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a url to the tenant api .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   up

test:  background background color with given pywin32 .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given an user object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  fall module name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  module   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create legend file inside a set of multi-images numbers .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get the hub and sleep for event loop .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  function   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active a initial modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  display   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get pickled object from the http/1 .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  get   null
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  trim a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints all matching print and prints some value .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   mute
truth:  display   display

test:  set the time in seconds .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  update   update

test:  dl fitness in the form is a difference between each opener and dl opener digits .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  is   dataframe
truth:  given   a

test:  handle exception name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  create path to or create job file for path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list of the current operating system .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change the name of a variable name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   a

test:  generate data in a file .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do the compiler dependencies to have the same api that have multiple metrics .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  do   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  ensures that an exploration exploration exists .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return a taskproxy object .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   task

test:  generates a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a datetime object based on the client .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   a

test:  construct the ordereddict that turns a *y* relative to the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match the passed subset .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cylindrical for the dot .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  call this function .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize and series of all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   override
truth:  override   override

test:  get the server url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from a svn checkout .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   installations
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple sequences between two strings .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as they are a set of dependent items for appends the same change list whose values are a set of dependent network .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  list the apps in a mkfs cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  installed   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  convert two rows into a tuple .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   f
truth:  get   a

test:  sync state modules from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   console
truth:  sync   sync

test:  if the traceback is not within some of the page .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  if   queues
truth:  null   null

test:  quick using the email email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  clusters   null
truth:  view   helper

test:  utility function for unpickling .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the type associated with the given type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  initialize a mysql connection with language and update it .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  initialize   users
truth:  to   null

test:  assert options to nt function .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  compute   command
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert strings to list .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation directory for the current thread .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  override   override

test:  get json file from json-encoded .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  list   fetch
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator to turn the function or method into callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the master or list of host_names .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot adds support for screenshot requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escape text so that they can be used in a url .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle stringio .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  find   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  given a function .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  given   value
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random ascii string .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a list of versions of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove generated fails .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  items[start the value given by a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return true if there are any how to show an storage_policy_index one .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  json-encodes the given json string by adding an json serialization .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  show exceptions according to nucleotide exceptions .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  show   null
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait for a function to be callable and returns true or false .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  a javascript javascript pipeline path for all the urls in the storage .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a message to the given email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   i
truth:  email   email

test:  adjust templates at host and stores it in the theme .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  lists   template
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in file format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  return the variable of variable descriptors floatx variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   function
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager that adds groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a new action in the cidr block if the cidr entry in the cidr starting with the cidr enhanced .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  with colorless output .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  testing   testing

test:  apev2 tag value factory .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  tag   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  update an empty document to create its translated .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge protected facts returns: protected facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test any of the records that has been added to the 'eth records .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   check
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  return a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  random test objective function .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   randomly
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  set groebner using groebner g .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   gcd
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  mnc[ region for the bounding dask formula .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the authentication data into a pair of data .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  gets a user by id or id .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test data_url() on a none .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  initialize a calendar and a calendar for a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  to   number
truth:  persists   new

test:  make main resource class for xdg_data_home .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  to   function
truth:  determine   a

test:  stratifiedvalidationshufflesplit the path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieve a list of the netstat graph .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns an array of stemmer .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  clears out parameters may be [cart .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  convert the first item to an iterable of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to an sql slug .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes specified images with destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  specified   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  gets missing path to sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  get   sys

test:  calculate the packbitstmp level method .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a filename for a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  user input hashes .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  write   function
truth:  print   print

test:  confirmation compliant xrds .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the 'device name for given object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of values in a given sequence of count in the sequence at a time in the form of values .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  render to a template .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  to   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  modified   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  serve with zen for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  searches   handler
truth:  null   entry

test:  return identity objects .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  joins a unicode string encoded in the given encoding .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  null   os
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in and out of images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate 304 since returning since the request was set and if result has been set .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieve complete complete acl .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  lists   unit
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the lookup .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  iterate through each reference of the list of files in a reference to each reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  ensure that raises an error when the color is raised .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  doing   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  makes credentials default transport session based on dataset default .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  add   add

test:  generates whether scenarios or not some updates has the same results in the section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all the files from the directory to be used as an exception that require the user .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  downloads   function
truth:  return   a

test:  exceptionsdef list of environment variables from the history given .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   reload

test:  merges all of the first element of a given list of first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  registered   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the path/method validation class should be initialized .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all python data files in the package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the provider object for the local provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a long int into a long integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  read   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set workload statistics that are running on a given node .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  read syntax in the movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   syntax
truth:  run   a

test:  handle the path .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  handle   list
truth:  executes   a

test:  dwindle an inset gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a single question in question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the database database with the given pool or the version of the database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  grab   find
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  change context manager to use some time .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  context   dependencies
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the managed transaction state .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  hold the hold function with hold and return a function .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  try to produce a sequence of elements .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure user ids in contributors and visible_contributor_ids match the contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make access password .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string of date strings into date and kwargs should return a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates the three root of the shortest one-letter .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can run only steps of scenario definitions .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenario

test:  get a collection of security settings for a cluster .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   register
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert version string to courses .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  reverse   version
truth:  convert   version

test:  this makes sure that n extension is roman .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test whether x is an exponential distribution .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this method allows us to log the event flow or upgrade page .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a host list of ip addresses to hex detect hex host and insert nf which were previously returned by a list of ip addresses .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run a command and return its stdout/stderr base64 .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   openssl
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  lists binary command .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  lists   enable
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a new command project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure pytest config .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  required   ways
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation with points inside a square point .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   node
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a path to a canonical package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  update the differences between a new instance of the new constants .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return the sass path to the link_dependency sass - the css locations .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  type: a user format string and then log it in ascii format .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a list of file from the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a key to a signed key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  yields otu pairs .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  named   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic os installation access to the editable page installation .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  is   null

test:  in the source directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted object from a string or dotted path based on the string reader .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the data with a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be used for an image : the capability to install on the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  return determinant of an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  load   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  validates the volume name for a volume provider .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  to   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return a dataset using a reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   return
truth:  obtains   null

test:  returns true if update from *text* is used in response .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of environment variables .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  parameter_list   null
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to pixels .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the clonespec string for a vm .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  replace extra key values of the requests sets the original dictionary of values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects text in the syntax .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  text   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member are absolute .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this is meant to create the gradient matrix beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  is   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a string of a given module number of instance .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a window of log django .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  adds   delete
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return the first selector for a selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that we can gpu lines of a users dtmf pattern .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  checks if the server calls map and expand git checkout calls to download git e-mail * calls another response .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  if   uses
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the correct photo image name for the given filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a lhs value into the input .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  tag   multiply
truth:  create   lhs

test:  merge a rank file named matrix .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  clip   network
truth:  function   function

test:  detects metadata for general search .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  upload   git
truth:  get   get

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  flow   flow

test:  writes all the files to open file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a fake template_name .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  if value is not passed .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a collection of instance strings to a collection of instance .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the specified user id .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path is a link to the url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of lists of function-group .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test the rtmockclient .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   xdawn
truth:  test   methods

test:  return fragment -- returns an note on the note at <url> .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  callback to sort data .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  to   compile
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get if the scan of a scan :return: true if the engine id has running .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  if   tasks
truth:  returns   status

test:  run text from the commandline .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   update
truth:  input   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new tenant instance .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute common neighbors of two nodes in ebunch using predict .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call number of each category .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a name or a regular expression to an integer .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  make sure that the variable length work .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  make   run
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  check that a and b have valid .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  check   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  factory for clustermanager class that yields credentials to be ignored .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  list the quota state .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  compute string by default .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  to   null

test:  converts a dictionary of result objects into a list of soupstrings .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  display circular labels .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the metadata of a group on all its blobs .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  adds   checks
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the snmp traps field traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  make a node where clause is a node table for openssl non-breaking an base: order of c{ancestor} .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns the icon text for the sequences .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the environment variables into the same saml saml saml .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  extract the posted uuid and sort an xblock .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  render   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the priority of the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  function to get the color function by file_handle .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  color   a
truth:  return   custom

test:  test rasterization with tight_layout .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get subscription subscriptions inside the node that are previously configured on .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  filter   filter

test:  formats keyword[ data from stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  the http request .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  update password cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   a
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that all indices of the expgenerator author and sparse duplicated .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill a single interface .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   list
truth:  sends   a

test:  a simple view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  wait until the callable callable is not an empty statement .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  wrapper for cli commands .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   reports
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the current cpu flags are currently info on this system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  return   list
truth:  if   check

test:  creates the average sequence of two tensors .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on debian where systemd isnt linux .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  find an instance in its used .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  if   check

test:  parses string or rendered resource class into a python data structure .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  string   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  the attributes stored in the xml element at the same positions as elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks ip for rule .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json representation of stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for fill request handler .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  to   transforms
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch of *x* .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is the given dictionary of responses .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an http proxy .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates and return the hash directory .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert to text .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  to   password
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection of the collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get height ratio centered on n x ratio .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the f-measure of two one score .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validates configuration changes and defaults .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  get the name of a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  get row from a table .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  save an authorized blob key .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  save   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return the current {u'default' mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse the content from a response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a reasonable block block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of result['encoding'] directory .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts the given string c{obj} to lowercase; form .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts data or rectangular locale .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  converts   a

test:  ensure our -p gets expression even .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to make a grid grid f(x) object .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   a

test:  convert urls into song .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   vm
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get the resource specific resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if string is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   framework

test:  append the custom custom custom minute to config_modified .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  write   null
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns an encryption network with specific coords .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns true if the same targets are the same targets as the same targets containing the targets but does nothing .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance instance_id cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  get all projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to return an instance of data .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a negative array of the provided set_subtensor .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  read a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict of the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   environment
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote whitespace in a string by stripping quotes .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a application from application cli example: .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  asserts that the response is present in the given response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  asserts   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks data for the table asynchronously on or col provider parameters data : int number of data .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  tests for adding clients in a non-regression test .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  change the saved library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  change   updates
truth:  null   style

test:  this function returns a external domain name for the domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the process in our name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  simulate   control
truth:  test   job

test:  store an auth backend .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   create
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a matrices matrix and returns the matrices expansion .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute docker chart dict path .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mock target .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release is an instance .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test the translation object .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   individual
truth:  mock   mock

test:  touch all the way .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  initialize   verifies
truth:  create   a

test:  computes log correlation matrix for binned array parameters olsresiduals : array_like .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  token   folder
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get a versioned name for a resource .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the sum of source parameters source : int .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  in-degree the dataset slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  convert all pathname .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  convert   statistics
truth:  create   create

test:  this is an argument dictionary of channels .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  is   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return the leading norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  leading   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  a generator for symbolic lines of a file .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  context   convert
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users cli example: splunk_search .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  create a base links .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a checksum from flavors string .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a function with the kwargs .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  url returns the url encoded in an numeric string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes the tb for plain exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary location .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypt a cypher text using the desired key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  counts is a tuple from data .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  is   a
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to select deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install internet .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  start   start

test:  visit table generator .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a value to an int or a class .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read graph in python .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  read   equivalent
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup file .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  file   log
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller to id .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  default whitespace and/or single iteration of a pair .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  displays   sequences
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the chi-squared reciprocal of the points n the empty base n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  runs a pkgs synch .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic and wait for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb model type db object .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces page_key from a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  for an integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a new value of a dictionary can be passed by the change its actions .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a crash crash in a file .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  run   calling
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is given .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the recently count of multiple classes are visible and index each index definition is the same .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  use the current setting cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  use   null
truth:  show   show

test:  find the given device .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  find   check
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a release release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a range that can be stripped into the product label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash to use for the given service configuration parameters tag : the storage template : a string containing __init__ how to use .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  return   controller
truth:  creates   classes

test:  expand multiple deprecation registrations .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial gcd of f in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   helper
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   point
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a vector of operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an inits file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get data from the data .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  warning   updates
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  make a gradient within a given name .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a module that can be used as a module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate app: remote token that enables random api point .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  generate   code
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array of order values and typecode .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the function signature as a param that do not change .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the wsgi from the stream and derivative it .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deterministic a list of command line .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a certificate under namespace .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns the windows .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict of all plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns path with ~user and env var expansion place .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective metadata if it is cached .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a given file .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  loads an object by reference .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  define a copy of an object and wrap it into the build indentation .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  define   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add eeg maxshield .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  add   a
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a callback to a given target dict given the target list of types .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   method
truth:  register   target

test:  see url .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  look   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  settings   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  get the status of the container .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  get   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if the firewall is running on the container .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the input to use .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object copy: true will enable the object to the object to the object copy: and the
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a new set of non-empty and parameter objects .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure that the items only is called .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if docinfo needs to work .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  if   a
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find source files in sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  override tests about doctest .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the users system change the password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   test
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple index definitions documents from string or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot rate limiting a pipeline with a custom state .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to save server and sort necessary .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the bucket to store multiple existing bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fast version of the string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload a blob to the hosts synonym .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a directory for datastore -p .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the same function on the same function considering .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return data from object descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  return   add
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a function as being ignored .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the value of the given variable .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n is selfridge .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the desktop environment for the current desktop environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  format the auth parameters .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  hostname   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute surface surface field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require an auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the full path for the salt master and optional a full path .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  sanitize an etree token to an etree approach ready to pass in .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parses a strace list .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a view of the user what the string has all or the string "all" if the user has page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns the db and the record .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  update   update

test:  default rights of an exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  use a oh function to get a list of strings containing a list of fields .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  use   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that you can add a duplicate file extension .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  backup   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  default retrlines callback for temporary directories .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   return
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special timeit syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  updates the given gpio as port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  replace lines from a config xml string .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  get a file by name cli example: .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   path

test:  simple smoketest .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the x intersection of the x segment if it does .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  default path should accept stable server .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  request   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the 180 app of the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates all model with keys and get them .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the current user is blocked .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a dict of the form raw known data files from the url .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  called   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load contents from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  do not search for a given context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  do   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  add a wmt string to each wmt using high pretty-printing the wmt function .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  add   status
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an int from hex value into memory .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   configuration
truth:  to   null

test:  replace any urls in the string case of this block .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  change   get
truth:  null   locale

test:  wrapper for the items in a list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if condition has no object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  parses   image
truth:  if   check

test:  get the current *d* .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  returns   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if the managed server is 'serveraction{ password .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  powers   a
truth:  null   one

test:  decorator for job profiling to allows for the 7 .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the given code is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single log entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current default value .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  strip the flag value from the 'noargumentisallowed option .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  strip   predicate
truth:  check   check

test:  adds response to backend filtering .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip font files exist .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object satisfies the same time .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of a sound stocenv: form timescaling: timescaling: representation timescaling: envelope timescaling: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  return the contents of a file based on the master file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  main entry point for a given tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes files needed for '{{cookiecutter if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  test if all registered plugin are available .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  dom to find and add redirection tag data .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes this image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph g is cliques .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from gentoo_mirrors variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  trims   like
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary binary search for given target name of a mutable distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  calculate   configures
truth:  computes   binary

test:  transpose of e .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   function
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a module .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   a
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for temporarily sends crypto information .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a zero indexed row and numeric cell reference to a string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method used to reset the git command .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  runs   python
truth:  resets   null

test:  using old .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  using   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  verify we only test if an html app is not an html application .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  make   users
truth:  test   test

test:  find related field in the database .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new value .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  create   sensor
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all displayed formats for number specified by the clear() number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  format   a

test:  new lead form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  override   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert string to float .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the users .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  provide the staff field of the default button button .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  render   settings
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get current idle setting cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  return   return

test:  set the indices of a pair of indices between two raise pair .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  penn list of certs in the form .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse of the v1 domain .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if interactive python interactive window is ipython .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element content .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   time
truth:  stop   stop

test:  figure out input and a question with the same name .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  display rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  display   a
truth:  color   color

test:  update a reverse-map cipher by the current specific triggering .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  update   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   rpc
truth:  get   service

test:  edit a user can edit an existing model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a distance .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  given   information
truth:  build   build

test:  test sfreq: when geometry is loaded .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   config
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  get the access api to display in a given github api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a string containing the input container tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  example of a stable hexadecimal variable .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  union of union .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  returns the first element in the other other other segment of the given other segment that can be used to match quoting .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make network similarity of two sparse lists .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  creates an object from a native python objects .
truth: return method class . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  return   method

test:  return a sample from an array parameters x : the input array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a indicator indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  counts   get
truth:  parses   a

test:  the given year if catching is a valid year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  list   check
truth:  return   a

test:  generate bootstrap manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  import   a
truth:  update   update

test:  render an entire value from template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   error
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  version of gid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  callback   process
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns and an json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 response .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  handle any path and handle seamless should be okay .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  guess   name
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  outset   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window is modified to a window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test template types .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  modified   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the graph graph of the graph or none .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a function that wraps f .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  determine   null

test:  primorial nth integer generator .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a string or a unicode string to the renderengine constructor .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  s   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade from a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  returns contents of filename from filename and decompresses .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  is   equivalent
truth:  read   read

test:  recursively compute document from document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  drop   documents
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  iterates over a dict mapping file to the same keys in the flat collection .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with 0 .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  install interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  install   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  transform a int from network extension into internal form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  format   null
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test whether or not an assert can be read and true .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  the error assumes that a mri mri subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  null   core
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  update one or more transactions file check that a given nonce .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  null   mine

test:  given a multi-index given a filename and y .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  given   dot
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch elasticsearch cli example: .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute order distance between integers .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  change   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a sphinx .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  we have a torrent file .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  reads   names
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  return string minus all secrets signature .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt a question value using raw_input() and y .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  based   null

test:  convert univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  override the binomial connections on a unresolved empty minlen .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  override   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the modules stringio for the given thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition provider info cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem pem pem and returns the pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return an array of valid value from the value .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   null
truth:  change   change

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   function
truth:  run   +

test:  mail count of a number of count items .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  count   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output repoman .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes the protocol from the url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write the log file to the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   update
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  callback for setting an error message .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  close   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  format a date in iso 8601 notation .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test whether path isnt present .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  test   try
truth:  if   check

test:  high-wave candle .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  modified   null

test:  get a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  request   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  subtract a set of leading values from a term .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   use
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return string listing the codons string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  string   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  gcd   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to wait an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  remove all the b] executable .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  remove   load
truth:  return   statistics

test:  create a default formatters for the default formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the data types and the extra data points into a select if its not known .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  set   verifies
truth:  if   null

test:  read tag from a fiff file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   find
truth:  tag   tag

test:  print line ids in indentation list .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirect to a url which implements the current locale and redirects .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test installing from a package with a setup that doesnt already installed .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  install   a

test:  dynamically creates an object and returns a string representing the list of objects which the form message .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current contents of the block blocks for which the given view .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  return the nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return an httpresponse to make an httpresponse .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  submits   a

test:  internal and values from unix value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert html notes in the given document into an existing string .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level import functions .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that saves backprop exceptions .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates a boolean from a given period of time .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  import input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a step should print times .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  running   background

test:  returns a list of available security groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  returns   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if n is connected to be a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import the versions of the new manifest to the file .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  import   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group of json .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course_key return a list of actions containing the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the outgoing url with the same outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the prefix for the prefix and populates the template context with the template context .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  create bootstrap script and make this module available within it .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create an derinteger client for containers contained in the server .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse a hostname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to return the email address in the client .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  email   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  return a string with many certificate messages that loads the given certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  sign   =
truth:  load   a

test:  return whether the session sent to the database .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the graph for the specified graph or *value* .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  is   node
truth:  create   node

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are not redirects to a python user .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function reduces a surfaces .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  null   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  this script works as compatible .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  code   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  returns   example
truth:  null   way

test:  this function returns the submissions with submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  label   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lettuce importer on error .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test unless condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove k constrasting of k whose gradient will be stripped .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  remove   remove

test:  do so that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  write the name of this file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image function to save all the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  call both tensors and b on a tensor allclose .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list containing all paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  submits an instance of a given template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  submits   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get the point multiplied by the loops which include the loops switches .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  converts a remote class input into ping .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance in a new instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   rowwise
truth:  test   test

test:  call a iterate class with user .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  record   watch
truth:  list   muting

test:  get current idle setting cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  callback of the available charif ordering of a tuple .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  value   return
truth:  return   return

test:  an unique function that handles a handler and run a handler .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  run   function
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper frame page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   action
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule expr | empty .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes of the graph using n .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if search is in a search cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  moves changes from a repository .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  read a new database cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  read   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculates the indices of a matrix in the given list of values .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  p   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts any two strings to utf-8 .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  verify whether army of git keywords have different case of stuck .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  displays the device of an ip facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  attempts to check the list of files found in console .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  check   spelling

test:  compute the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  staff a staff email by their staff enrollment .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  logout   logout

test:  extract ipv6 addresses and returns true/false if an ipv6 address was valid .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  detect   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  test interpolation loss .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  if   test

test:  take a strategic content type and returns the underlying local content for each of the user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if expression is a class and if node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   git
truth:  backend   backend

test:  lists all client using tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  name   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return the dominating set of nodes in g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  helper function to format the first match the given text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute 2 multiple import vectors from a fits file .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  to   point
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  force any string to be used by a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  deprecated   decoder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user has installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a default version of the specified requirements file .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a bash dict of tokens ending with a particular config query .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  the regularized backreturn function from each backreturn .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  converts a urls matrix by cross-validated .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  change   search
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an email .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  checks if fasta change scores is used for bond5 features parameters label : nucleotide fasta filepath or function .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parses an http accept-* header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  replace all of the string .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  return cell columns in bytes .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a single line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the feature serialization .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  convert   a

test:  split together or see if a valid tree on not .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get the route table for the specified route returns
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  edit   hosts
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get none if an environment dict exists .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  if   tuple
truth:  get   a

test:  lists vhosts' details of specified virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  lists   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the status of a resource is status .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  ensure   up
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to temporarily change the requirements and changed additional params .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   context
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new visitors visitors visitors and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the order passing a question .
truth: test question . 
test:  make   start
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns an http response that enables basic error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the migration level to be used .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  require   settings
truth:  executes   null

test:  list all available package data that should be the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  list   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs greater than type succefully type .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load label labels .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  convert string in a template .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set redis tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  set   table
truth:  make   null

test:  unpack job job to use the artifact from url .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to add a new task to the task created .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a string suitable for display a time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and initialize a proxy which makes sure that message doesnt exist .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi response for django connections .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the single vms query cli example: .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  return   a
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity between maximum and maximum open file or directory .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new bootstrap connection to the bootstrap tool .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the trees that are in the given tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print the print with python identifier .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  gets the current history for the current user and 3 .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  retrieve   example
truth:  updates   updates

test:  lazily lazily cublas .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  init   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   null

test:  list the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  output   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all the errors from number of users .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   tests
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean values arent a never cmd .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if xfs command .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the experiment flag is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns a single vector of the input matrices .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  function   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  run html projects tracking tracking tracking for editing successful certificates and assign the given course key .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   null

test:  removes full tables from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname to python python python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to return the draft specification .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the node is a node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  cyclic vms of a complex entity / the series of indices .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   p
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential exponential autocorrelation .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  compute   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  null   output
truth:  lookup   info

test:  gets the list of web system cli example: .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  gets   validate
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a union union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  method the url this method matches a review message url .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow a module from a list of python files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find ptspupil ptspupil check in the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   parameter
truth:  get   get

test:  escape single space .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  ensure that the user has been deleted .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns the folder folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  returns   directory
truth:  if   check

test:  quote argument badly .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a function or method call call to a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  do   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  u'module' a single argument .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  start   null
truth:  run   a

test:  test that 'inbox' can present in present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   average
truth:  test   test

test:  list event from test account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  list   test
truth:  be   null

test:  formats certificates certificates from a x509 certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  formats   attempts
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from path .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this sets up the xblocks or sets up the current xblock relative to the xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  is   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net : pack .
truth: net string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compute the sample space between 0 and the number of sample space .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a config object from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  performs bound of the mean lamda .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  construct   handle
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a test helper function syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   header
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages with opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: possible architecture with opkg features .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure the redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  controls multiple sequences in sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  results   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run commit after obtaining .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  apply the dataset file to each element of the users .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of existing existing model .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  calculate the multivariate scotts inputs based on the normal distribution .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  calculate   binary
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the list of students who have been students at the self-generated time .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  show   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return unicode instance of yyyymmdd associated with default unicode objects .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parses a conf_file string in a signed line .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is an instance type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a tuple of the cursor as a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve a blob from a datastore key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  numpy implementation of reduced points .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and update groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   matches
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if riak riak cluster is still ignored cli example: .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  yield an object or list of values in the given list .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a forum dataset .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   csv

test:  return the sha1 hash of a version of the provided version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for issue censored .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test question .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  question   question
truth:  test   test

test:  serialization an object from an object or a string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  label   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a new size that maps signer into a f matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  send pending rule to show .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a sympy or string from expression into an legal expression .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  move   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the parent directory will be written .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient from the specified css css css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  to   pick
truth:  create   a

test:  get the evaluated value by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  we have a full files or post files .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  hook   copy
truth:  if   current

test:  the config before processing mode that runs this assumes it runs .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  fetches user info .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   get

test:  performs forward starting with each string took to babel .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a axis bar .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   tuple
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a string to be used as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  this is an correction from list of lists .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return hex hash of the string m .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  using   encoder

test:  convenience to create an http call .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish or the user has all rights or the string "all" or the string "all" .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   return
truth:  give   a

test:  return the locale for the specified locales e .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute size of pdf of a given font *roll_indices* font pixel .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write ignores hashes header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   deserialize
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the regex on each request .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  generates   handler
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the user different name of the user to post the name of which to post name the user under which supported by post name .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: output wrapper .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   url
truth:  get   get

test:  prints the given deque node of each vm .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the context for a template .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  context   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an apt key exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  convert an element of the ground domain to an element in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  subtract   null

test:  get the random items using the provided chance object .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  get   a
truth:  select   null

test:  train a 2d dataset only .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  null   download
truth:  load   load

test:  return a spectral 'graphisempty graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  vote vote in a model .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  null   object
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python shell in a python flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if given string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an ssh data pickle file .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   pricing
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the file system path .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the distance between two strings .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check that version is installed and falls .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle a gaussian dictionarys function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  command : group .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   git
truth:  null   script

test:  check if a string matches data .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the ta column can be serialized .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  offset difference according to gae certain segment spec .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  offset   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  users support .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extracts property from a source file .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to parse a number in a possible string .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a image to a file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  specific code to login between instance .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  using   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the elements of the input variable .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  change the existing object apps .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  change   a
truth:  add   add

test:  takes a new group number of deleted with a new group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression * expression | expression / expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator to convert to the playlist playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  given a certificate .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  given   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  install a message in a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  all duplicates in sequence wile by dave order of cyclic elements .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  duplicates   items
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password with the supplied password password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  this makes the signature returned by the partition caching .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  makes   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raises an error message with a db .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  raises   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the characters of key by shifting the characters to the left by the characters .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  map   check
truth:  shift   shift

test:  loads image info for cluster info .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the details of the network device .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   network

test:  create a new stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  create   a
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy a scalar to a docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  create   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return recompose as root of files starting at path .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  insert   identity

test:  ensures that any block directories are not a directory .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  ensure   directory
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an authentication class .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a main main entry from the given context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make the first answer setting .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get information about the device .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert string to int or string .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check a set of pickle data from a segments segments .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test for issue 8-bit hook .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header that map characters in the given charset document .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   character

test:  called after the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   sqlalchemy
truth:  called   null

test:  create a class decorator with some constructor constructor .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the list of all registered permission to determine if the project has been registered .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __namespace__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a successful request and returns a status string .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from environment or path .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an entities to the db .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sqlite a list of tuples on a tenant and networks .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the ship of an rfc repo .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  change   null
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode cannot load mapnode if its not there are no bugs raise an exception .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue one or more default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  block   asserts
truth:  get   get

test:  apply derivative of the logistic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  work   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  helper method to create a new series .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   page
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the original renewal renewal renewal renewal config file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  wait for a specific source strings based on python documentation .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for issue 257 .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  creates list of anything representing the cidr nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  creates   print
truth:  dump   connections

test:  automatically edit 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of all unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the first word of the lines in a line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  read -> analysis read a file and return a dict containing the resulting file .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  read   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  runs art for --editable socket .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  handles   object
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  numel version of the given image .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   reduction

test:  run the incoming message and log scalars to stderr .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  run   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  calculates the trimmed standard error of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively sort keys in the dictionary that will be considered .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the backing device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a session object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor nonen polynomials by x**n .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot the host on the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  take   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  autenticate the user specified by the lti and redirects with the lti applied .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  updating   a
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  call both function and returns the time as a time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  tell   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a += b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  enable   back
truth:  change   change

test:  context and checks that the container is changes .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get view of the list pages in the list of user ids .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  get   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a string of an ip address to a ipython type .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the mean of gamma loss .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  function   function

test:  list all available return true if we can reverse .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct image of the router or a given router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  decode all valid string by utf-8 encoded string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  string   return
truth:  if   validate

test:  set up the default loop loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  update the error response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  lists   returns
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns whether the currently available python .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the size of a header chunks .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the day between two and init_declarator [boolean .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  test an edge laplace of all laplace mask of an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check the []] token by k_vars and ignore the client table accounts .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send and sentry a queue to the specified number .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  loads the list of sums in the user .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the device after we add transport channel .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  xml   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  converts a long in packed .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a bash command to bash strings .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive timezone naive .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of the gaussian distribution parameters y : array-like results of the ranked camera : array-like input variable .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  creates an event object that can be saved for an event message .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  if   null

test:  formats hex formatted hex string into decimal .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import document .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   default
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks count of re-validate header in a list of errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  count   links
truth:  checks   checks

test:  because we can use whitespaces .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   utility

test:  close client-defined function in document .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests that have a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up streams .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   logs
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url of the given application .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the system name is absent on the system name : string name of the child process .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   null
truth:  block   block

test:  convert multiple whitespace to a string of whitespace .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  assigns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  makes sure that this is openssl and put the response body will return something .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  return a http error document .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  return   place
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  detect configuration .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  list   uses
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function that with two ndarrays intersection filter .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  grabs params required by custom checks for missing values .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  grabs   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns css field of widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   a
truth:  add   a

test:  inject a parsed sqlobjects .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  form   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  mini-batch this machine .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  view   transform
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  updates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns details of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns a steam .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  put the graph in a graph .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse a particular password from ldap module asynchronously .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an rgb color scale to hsv space on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  return an instance within the passed value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if there are no filesystem name or not .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the depth matrix x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if chocolatey is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  displays   load
truth:  make   null

test:  sets the esxcli or disable conf for the integer .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb file in the beets header and return a list of dicts .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an input option .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yield all files in the ignored hosts .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for rruleset which may be called before a default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs a logger with the provided logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  runs   logger
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a vector that looks up the images .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  transform a read-only property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  handle the job id given by its id and look up .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  install   cache
truth:  store   store

test:  write the last message sending skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sends   parses
truth:  sending   sending

test:  helper function to recursively find glob files from the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears the task and stores all caches entries to the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   nd
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   a

test:  remove leading gcd of f from integer .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  force   return
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the same data in a byte string argument .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  given a subset of primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  given   map
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy multiobjective classifications # polynomials in x signatures .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   yann

test:  moves the batch or use this should be done if the scripts module exists .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the options in the minion .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  for upon -j .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  test   script

test:  gives a new exception in the background interface .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  given an object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  infer   infer

test:  checks if file exists .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler before the next page .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  null   factory

test:  convenience function to get email addresses that formats the switch .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  email   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the info table info .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  construct   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the quit should trigger the started after the process has .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  build   run
truth:  calling   calling

test:  parse version of the next section of a given section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function : lpar | opening expr | field_id | opening .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a flow using redis and mock monit .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a generator of lists of nodes in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove a process of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for the given list of versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that rsa is not supported by interacting with args .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return signal hook to compute the signal from a signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   object
truth:  filter   filter

test:  list port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  port   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks if an environment was inline for a postgres environment .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  if   up
truth:  restores   null

test:  a test that presents scale with a valid column names .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  url   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry dictionary out to a file .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  step step to match the coord size in the given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  step   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the dashboard with jinja2 .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  get   collection
truth:  print   a

test:  return a function representing cone plugins .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals from all logging and registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  job the database against the given database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   background

test:  extract html markup from sqlite .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  insert   action
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack registration registration .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   python

test:  print usage error .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for annulus a cylinder gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate the diagrams generate the diagrams covariance .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  construct certificate certificates for post reruns .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   null
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  unpack the given validators in the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield of the given ip address .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  get the virtual service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns all constraints of the expression .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to be used in a string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  enable or disable console for all categories in the parent .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get full object of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the regular expression .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if two values are equal .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  create cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  create   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to temporarily create local folder end .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  return remove the rmfile executable .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  set the docker record on the given user .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  set   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  process filename .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  filename   traffic
truth:  is   null

test:  check the vms values .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run a perf_100nsec_timer based on a cloudformation module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  run   stop
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the key in the datastore datastore .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts to get a hash that takes an object and attempts to keep the fields fields and sort it or search based on its fields .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value of the current key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  settings   settings

test:  load a configured data in params .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  load   security
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a string object .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a tag from a repo .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate fixed ips by compute host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  release   get
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  this will check if a response is a valid payload .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  used   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the packages to a file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key from a cos**2 .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  set scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  set   stream
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or update indexing update user update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return elements of a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  create   score
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the used to get used by the user .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  hacked will check support for the given data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  to   try

test:  check to see whether the ssl_options have urllib .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  verifies   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor with the corresponding to the corresponding color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest after and checks if a == operator .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate over count of pairs .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  list   multipart
truth:  format   format

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   gaussian
truth:  resize   images

test:  parse a time timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks if the given code seems to another document .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a specific test providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates whether the user name is either pyll .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  send an event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  send   handler
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  pack all binary packet string into a python packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends a call request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  this is better .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  verifies a message using encryption key ekey ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a gamma distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skills controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  return line from line .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager to patch a running pipeline object .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  save benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  save   null
truth:  to   method

test:  return the version string of method .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get the current axes .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  fetch selected options from a list of option .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  fetch   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  starts a script .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  finds the contents of the file system .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  stack   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list the absolute path of a list of files which no external folders .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get string type by name .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  get   find
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  this op consider a gradient or a string for computing conflicting variable whose gradient will consider it in the backpropagation .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  order   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  unzips the filename to a given filename in a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  destination a path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  square   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a display names used by the given unit name .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run a string through the given list .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  run   new
truth:  given   null

test:  checks auth id .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal graph or dictionary of values .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with some strange followed by a given string .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  starts a new application record .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  turn a decimal decimal decimal translation to a decimal decimal and returns decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  test for an error regression loss function .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   product
truth:  runs   runs

test:  insert a point into a given angle of points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   uses
truth:  order   order

test:  trivially beacon .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  tuple   function
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert some data formats to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  store   store

test:  creates a dictionary of model for a given roidb .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  read the data .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  insert data into a single file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   in
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion windows execution .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  null   grain

test:  evaluate the elements of error .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager to create a temporary user on a specific name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return data from built-in by built-in 1 .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets tickets tickets .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  project   tickets
truth:  null   null

test:  run indices on axis tests .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  run   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  make a bytearray argument for a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  make   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return unmatched in_stream .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  named   find

test:  compare two things: token .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  compare   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  makes the first off application or sorted alphabetically .
truth: update request . 
test:  makes   base
truth:  request   request

test:  wrapper for getting the current weblate version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a setting string arguments into a valid issue .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new numpy array with the given shape .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  create   null
truth:  permutes   null

test:  produce cookies from a given number of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a checksum to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  set the colormaps if either referenced or html module name .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing node .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   edit
truth:  update   update

test:  skip a test if configuration is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts bad characters into rna .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement by looking for type .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if credit has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the obj is a string .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the provided snapshot actions might need to be created .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  return   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return a string from the md5 hash of f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   null
truth:  float   float

test:  find synchronisation in table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  used to output an api endpoint .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that initial icrs<->gcrs give only testing correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  calculate yank_nth_arg ints .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some globally globally on a globally project .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  plot a date on the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  delete the pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders a template with the given path so that it is an html or the given rendered object .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  renders   null

test:  make the three seperated matrix beta .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pass in the full root directory .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  calls names of the cache by cache it is empty .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  get the default web encoding preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  testing toposort .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  sets   settings
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the inline data that will be called from the given css data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the callbacks .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test that table table delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network graph of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this function removes a string .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  function   text
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the leftmost value exactly equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all review requests commits .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  validate a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  validate   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove unique elements that preserves found in array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  string   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for calculated calculated text .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  choose provider facts args: facts : provider ip address returns: dict: the facts dict updated with respect to the facts dict updated with the normalized ip address .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  returns   pairs
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the given audio class .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move connections .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  return a valid module type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of all locales based on the configuration .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if chocolatey is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a new page of the subsystem subsystem .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  elevation quality vertex .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  null   outerproduct
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a dict that has a key of dictionary with keys in the dict keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   dask
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from a track nest url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by prefix and prefix .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs and returns the c++14 indexes from a given name .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a softmax stable reference standard form .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  regression test for bug occurring out theta by kolmogorov-smirnov distribute_setup whose first dimension is the start of the amplitude uids are not in the start of the importer .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the name of the package to use .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  define   a

test:  compute the pandas scalar based on the underlying dataframe parameters categories : int number of categories of categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for the current thread .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   package
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the processs method of the command line size .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return results of flup-style .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   version

test:  returns hex digest of a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  create   real
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns a string representation of the specified routers distribution .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  create   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  sequential routine to access an instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   performance
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean dissimilarity between two n-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   boolean
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the minions public key on the minion cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text to the output of the given color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   logs
truth:  null   a

test:  checks that value is close to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  to   a
truth:  value   value

test:  sends an email .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  email   email

test:  determine whether a provided archive .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a deferred with the checking setting into an integer settings .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule description to a top index object .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register a constraint subclass config file and return a handle of three db api config .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   name
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  starts a path to the log file .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  starts   remove
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  sends multiple notification objects to be available at the given backend .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  import   email
truth:  send   notifications

test:  create a actually certificate from the dictionary description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the current thread .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   set
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a string for the set_config of the device .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  build   a

test:  run a remote connections to an ssh port .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  run   get
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a condition to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for the hub to finish .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   start
truth:  block   block

test:  get bound loop read the inside the diagonal loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  extract the nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return a list of all paths retrieved by the specified path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  serve request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  request   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the specified host system in host system in host cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decode crypto meta encoded string .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  build   build

test:  parse the given options for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if there is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   sequence

test:  check all the entire directory in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  trace   function
truth:  return   a

test:  human readable character or string by patched .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  converts the case-insensitive entry in an a1 path .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the current date and returns a formatted date in seconds .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pushes arbitrary length for the given base on the import docs .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  called   null
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary shell suffix with the file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  =   compare
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a list of users which have due to the course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs a key from the payment pair .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with 1st linear differential equation of func tokens .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add a pil image to the pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the version of the page to query cached version .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  get items for an album cli example: .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  getting   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  converts a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the '%sremoved' .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the raw font type .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  set   captions
truth:  sets   sets

test:  rotate a path - returning a string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  decodes   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  verify a specific check of the places check the path passed .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  check   mne
truth:  find   a

test:  copies files from a directory to an sample location .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  uses study .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  uses   dictionary
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache instance .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can staff or a user .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns media files in resource id and its id .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload previous doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  show current backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tell any changes in a directory .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  only load only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  attr_gt   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  test coregistration warning if setcore was set correctly .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the ca ca file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  raise an error if the python 3 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   findtexmf
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a floating point number to an integer .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  compute   reverse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear the edummy cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a datetime object from date into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  computes inner authentication between two arrays .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  find   function
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string or a boolean and returns a dict of optional indices .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  ensure a agent thread .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  removes   a

test:  check the color with c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the name of this command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a __str__ .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   page

test:  get the list of all defined all the configured instance .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a tuple square-free by a relative date field name .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the current host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator factory for structurize and raises an error if the menu is not false .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   retry
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  reduce an ssh device on testcase .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle one container .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   init
truth:  load   tm

test:  read the bem solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  read   up
truth:  create   a

test:  convert the job to a 2d array of multi-dimensional .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return an attrs['name'] for the type with a help_options class .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  show for events .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare encoder onto the block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus residual model tfreq .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  looks up a multiplier key from an either a multiplier importer .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  looks   helper
truth:  to   try

test:  return a users access user cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  the exponential kernel of the forward sigmoid was just a string with weights parameters x : writeme 1 .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  return true if g is a minimum spanning spanning tree or false .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a warning message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  find nodes with a list of nodes .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new instance of classifiers packages .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   imports
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake suspicious signature .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream endpoints from an endpoint description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  listen   check
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the state of the epsilon instance that can be used to return the given state of the file .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all visible token groups cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts time series of array to largest blocks : int blocks .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the current idle setting to the correct one .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  do basic arguments .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  make   elasticsearch
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cancel cancel cancel .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   image
truth:  take   null

test:  returns a utc string of a datetime .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a path to a path .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense topn topn into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge files that are not deleted .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  files   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a pretty print a tree to stderr .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  clear all subdirectories in a path .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  tab tab work .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  test the application .
truth: test program . 
test:  testing   function
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to create a jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  create   function
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a signal handler for a file descriptor .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   handler
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a text file and then return the resulting channel .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  assign the candidate albuminfo object to a candidate one candidate .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear a set of socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  clear   find
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph with a random graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return s .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the version of version object from the ports package .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a datetime .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert encoding to a native text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  encoding   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test test validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   time
truth:  test   x10

test:  like local node .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  like   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ensures that string argument passed in args are named .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  ensures   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  derive   ini

test:  converts a pandas function to an plugin .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  converts   entry
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  re-write the corresponding function by the ast function .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- a valid .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  initialize the state of the backend .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a tuple of 'datehandlerfunctionmustreturn .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  internal unpickling wrapper .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test some data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  loads   null

test:  find conf with specific entry .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  find   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if logging copy of a sequence type prepare changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  invert a graph to a list of tuples .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  create   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears an exception from the session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the file search is first file at the given name and first argument tuple passed in o .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disallow localization in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test that a google cloud storage url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  require   null

test:  missing limits string below the default string .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on an image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates an sha512 hash of a password hash .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of ip in the current linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the exception is a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  if   headers
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the config value for the given value .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the payload corresponding to the given name .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a path on the search system .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  sets up a master report .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get machines function .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  ensure   json
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to batch bias loss function .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  function   conditioning
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns a string representing the version of salt cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  report   report

test:  create a list of strings .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  extract chunks data from double array .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix a helper function .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  return all blocks of x .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  load a config file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   view
truth:  to   helper

test:  find value in the document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a 1x1 .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the total state whose state are equal .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  a helper decorator for idempotency two numpy files .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  set   set

test:  data type check for pandas or dataframe parameters x : string .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  renders all strings in the given text as long trailing whitespace .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  left   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the current instance which a local path in the current context .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  write   name
truth:  require   null

test:  return an array of values .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parses a model and returns the type from a model type .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a tuple representing the latest type type type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  expose email this operation .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   build
truth:  send   send

test:  raise error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  error   error
truth:  throw   null

test:  remove all variables whose values exist in env .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject all the specified items into a dict .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  null   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  return the most recent version that is not supported by the version of c* .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  formats the path for ends in path .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  write   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create an lpar object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filter the dad dos attack using sniff 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  read any configuration file and return a valid template_name .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   remove
truth:  read   user

test:  returns the singleton tree at right positions .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  get the name of the users policy for the user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handles a comment by blanking its selected context .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  handles   translation
truth:  stores   a

test:  load credentials from json and return the corresponding nt .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user has at least one of the given number of friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   caches
truth:  null   null

test:  pad a base64 encoded hex string | base64 hex format .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute against the expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  run the internal mapping from the variable mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  run   a
truth:  header   header

test:  return the context of a given model class .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  print the message at message route dictionary .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  print   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a class that calls the valid scope .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  find a column that specifies an versions of the given path .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  strips the valid values of a dict .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only work on systems with riak installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  generate a string of the imp function .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if a header value contains quoted whitespace .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  logs   array
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  update new document in port1 .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class that can be called by @jitclass class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  null   init
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  fetch   callbacks
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a value like 5 days into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the import files which the import images .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the token corresponding to the given user .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open with its close to its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  unpack a socketfd message .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  send   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  convert a binary string to an ip address floats .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a string from a valid string .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  reads   bytes
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a string containing only the form delimited or dictionary containing only 0s and values .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  show all figure in figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  show   lists
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  removes an exploration if exploration exists .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  list devices from leading network devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades with opkg flask cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  check if the current user is the web application name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  displays a channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  using   command
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents tag tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  return true .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   type
truth:  return   return

test:  test chart rendering with a none chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an asset result that has been entered .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test python python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  extract the tests in the location of the file .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies cypher using key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  converts the union of linear differential equation with those in the sympy .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns special objects that cant be used as an json-compatible string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  value   value

test:  get the ssh server path for a given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  to   user
truth:  add   a

test:  update the upgrade fields of a release .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  update   compute
truth:  used   null

test:  creates image from luminosity image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  =   return
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return a users validator object .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  equivalent of the timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  dont produce a single state .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  set extent based on an image and array of decompresses based on each image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  change   adjust
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the name of the named service .
truth: internal function . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  function   function

test:  turn to iri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  to   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line option with an empty serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dict of the given tree of their comments .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs a command and stores any environment .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  runs   keys
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  display authentication token .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  display   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  split a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  split   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tokenize a string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter a line of text from line .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  read   in

test:  wrapper for thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  install   movie
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize the time to hex numeric encoding .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  short   null
truth:  function   function

test:  detect ack structure .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  string   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  warnings the array with exc_info units so that the shape of ipython payload and save into real .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  builds   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tuple of status ids in earth .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this set the ip address in transform: but checksum will be a valid ip address compatible with ip address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  same as load_check_directory .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  null   policies
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  makes sure every element obtained by the specified numpy array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the homogeneity .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the bio module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   run
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  select an invalid filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  select   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to return a suitable file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a postfix train .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  wait for the authorization object into a python data structure .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  wait   cast
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary of potential data .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that the softmax method can be consistent by the given test .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the instance id .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the data for a service .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find the time .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sgi version of whenever the string contains no host characters .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  we need to be created if f is futures .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generates and converts root response to a root node .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  create invalid folders under --ipython-dir .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the lists and default values .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cross b from the square area of a to b .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  cross   cross

test:  get the trunk ports type info .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  used   a
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  adds classifier for webhook automatically adds classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  prefix   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if form string is a valid format for being a target string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the distance between two statements in a polygonal curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  computes   null

test:  internal helper copy .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  maps   output
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new client cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   up

test:  download logger from geonode directory .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  change   change

test:  helper to check if the object is a trainable sentiment .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raise a new function to be a policy method .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  detect   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that d^2 if basehandler is installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  deletes user identified by scanning its authorization .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit tb key from tb to limit stack .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  a cause way to override interactive support .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  true if path is relative to the f(x) path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the gluon at which the given model name .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends identifier but selects an extends service .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  sending   call
truth:  null   service

test:  write a given zip file and purposes .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write the tuples of iterable tuples to xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   utility
truth:  send   send

test:  return the unique user object or none if none exists .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   user
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images of the request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  file   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  return the unicode string for the given text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  return copy of local barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  cache   sequence
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user from object .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the version string that can be used as a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  change   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the access token that is not in an html dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  check for a csv file system .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  look   in
truth:  import   kits

test:  generates a given key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files from the empty directory .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  create an example of type based on the example of the requested example .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a string to be used as a single value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  mimic   date
truth:  format   format

test:  get the specified objects of an objects .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the best-guess components of the given name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the ctypes translated to an internal type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the result of a logger .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a wrapper for the test to cause abstract cd() .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate nested version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  open the input data from a yaml graph parameters yaml : file_like the name of the input graph or a text file .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  account   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current torification .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most of the site querystring with a new column .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   path
truth:  null   null

test:  sort and sort a sentence of the graph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns those elements of the sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  slice   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of tokens representing doc .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  tokens   paths
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a pre-request object from a given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the given address is windows .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  represent   ipv6
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the object description for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   python
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an oxml routine from an xml file this is greater than 2 .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  write   generate
truth:  source   source

test:  grains/pillar and returns the respective matrix .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  concatenate   compute
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a path .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  given   return
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the creation of volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  calculate the rotations of the paper: loss .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   gradient

test:  fetches lint errors and pid: them .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  command   command
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract partitions from a scipy .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns url-safe value from dbms .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  process   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  add a sequential to the vector3 field if the server is an contextmanager or a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  list source files in order to include the target directory .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  list   file
truth:  extracts   null

test:  message[key]if -> un-ordered .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if the file is configured .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is an degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that numpy subclasses of cache is preserved .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of annotations cli example: .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the entire text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current axes .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  return   call
truth:  make   a

test:  create an image/video object .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  a function to send server button .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update configs .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  update   run
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  reset a job status by enter the current thread to an existing subset then test .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test disjoint random numbers .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   results
truth:  null   null

test:  set the points matching the deploy_info and apply to the appscale property .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define filters from a tuple of values .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  test a language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add subnodes to struct_declaration commit .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a formatted comments of a search string representing the specified status .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change the default tab of the database .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   return
truth:  structured   null

test:  controller to look up a timer in an api - make the version of their first .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  attempt to start systems with environment variables .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   setcookiesfromurl
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  logical imports in form .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  given a user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  given   program
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes components of a variable with its okay .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  duplicate   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders check for build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks prediction into a list of indexes .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   a
truth:  packs   null

test:  compute transform of a hash .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  compute   compare
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the word with the given lexical form and 'noun' .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a extension of old module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  server   a
truth:  load   extension

test:  check if values in a dictionary must be localized or list .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  map   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a tenant environment variable with user id or tab id & identity existing environment variables .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the given data store that potentially contains a list of values .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  performs a single tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to signal autoregression -in sinusoids .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  to   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a update for a return a hex digest .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  sets the status of the device .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all flavor specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  create undefined in some common to a stream .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   directory
truth:  print   snippets

test:  you can add software registration data to an visible registration table on node table .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  search   uses
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort substring by dependency .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the csr of an array x : array-like or group of non-zero items in a square matrix x .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list all files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  axisdimensionmismatch' -> int .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  re-scan class by status_code: .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  import   a
truth:  look   up

test:  key each keyword value .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   keys
truth:  cache   cache

test:  dynamically use the network device to connect to each list of network devices .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   number
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  list   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  create an 0003 array .
truth: like rand . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  parse http description command line and return a python description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return multiplication of a selectable .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator returning an iterator of text by iterm2 the text .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  uses   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that generates a new assertion method .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  import a widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  import   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  return the translations representing the translations dictionary parameters 'catalog' : translations key to convert translations - translations or translations list of translations translations : theano expression of translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a trace handler for a trace that checks the trace is valid .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  processes -> list of all valid reap with specified name .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  export data from a course to a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  replace ascii letters by stripping and braces .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the external port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  get   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build the contents of an error script cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   filters
truth:  add   route

test:  convert multiple used in a set of know statements in a new set .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  return a copy of dict with the keys that are in the form dict keys set by the keys of the key .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until a specific ip has public ip .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  convert a string value to an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get context from a context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  tag   reverse
truth:  set   set

test:  render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form that is being rendered layout context value that is being rendered layout .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add tetragrid tetragrid to the target using the target list .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   cylinder
truth:  add   path

test:  ensure that the unix epoch returned by default .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator that adds changes to non potentially stack changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  set   check
truth:  return   method

test:  remove any admin options that are not valid for the given context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  search   search

test:  read a configuration file from a given dictionary .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the mock request to this request if the request was made .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if qiime is permission .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   grep
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return indentation type by filesystem-unfriendly .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  unicode   json
truth:  null   json

test:  convert a string to a valid url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute ldap command and read the data as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if the file is a valid dictionary .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  finds the filename of the expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  provides   strips
truth:  extract   null

test:  alias for parent of a list of nodes .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  find   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the key of the device .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return numpy command in wrapper around numpy .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   function
truth:  call   a

test:  add http command down to the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  add   http
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  obtain a notification module .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception to regex .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  determine   exception
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the sum .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a acl summary of paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  filter   debugging
truth:  null   badges

test:  load all edges in command line .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  list   a
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test a single-line only applicable with 'datarequire' only .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets a changeset template .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  change   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets the list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  gets   open
truth:  determine   null

test:  read the most common encoded string and decodes it .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   mask
truth:  count   count

test:  look for interpolation of avatar urls over a given user object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the docker docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  initialize   permissions
truth:  populate   docker

test:  return the string representation of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  return   form
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write amf and brackets to stdout .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   stream
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the vector of the nodes .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  return   f
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of lists with each paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   matches
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the inverse of within- two nodes parameters n : int the number of nodes in the passed 1-d expression .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k ed2k of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the tree can be loaded .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a message to the message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  change   message

test:  ensure the hostname passed in the cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  send   check
truth:  build   a

test:  get all the values in a redis set cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function for backwards compatibility .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a formatted form of the form configuration .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return an http kernel application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const : intconstant : const_value | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all rules that match the given path .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  yields   null

test:  formats n encoding from n header with underscores .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if path does not exist but not the data in this is considered .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if kubernetes module is available .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  singular   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of h5py to native python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate certificates to install a certificate domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  makes the index file from the index of a threshold already .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  parse out the l{requestgenerationfailed} table in ap if found .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evening doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  convert a value to a dict .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  to   filesystem
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a skeinisoed skeinisoed with the given content type .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an integer or ipv6 address to human readable ipv4 representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the fill loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  ordered   transfer
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a name of the package .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can test that we can override spam .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  gets wrapper of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  content   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check the status of the unknownstatuscode' flag .
truth: get status code . 
test:  check   get
truth:  get   status

test:  among the stripe document .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   up
truth:  read   read

test:  start a console .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   method

test:  test overlapping catalog if django is not found .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  called   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return text of file_list to the locale in filename .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a string representing a time with a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the attr on a particular object with a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  set   set

test:  run a partition with the given name .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  run   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  returns the exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get handlers by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks whether we can successfully be create platform .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return all plugins we currently credentials .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  is   apply
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads the entire cookies for the given user and exploration .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of named string by values matching the provided string tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   split

test:  parse all yaml documents in a string .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  parse   number
truth:  expr   expr

test:  sign the given dict of local words in a new list of tokens .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  duplicate   key
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  extracts empty function .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a security group group group group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield a generator of tuples from list of column rows .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   up
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a draft with the remote draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  sync   sync

test:  invoke an fragment on a url that may or may not contain a parsed url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  put   a

test:  constructs the default keychain with the default keychain .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a message without the vehicle command .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   flows
truth:  send   send

test:  test getting instructions per instructions .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to the given message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   display
truth:  send   message

test:  return the request policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  if   transaction
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  represent a list .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the 303 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a version of numpy .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  extract parameters from 1 .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  stream   prints
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark mark a function to its its its its its not theano theano theano def def def def theano theano theano to its its not theano theano to mark a
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the collects class for the ccx custom-tools library .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test case of 1ip .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  application which do some wsgi app .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the reduced factors of knn .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  indices   list
truth:  train   a

test:  a decorator to add a new message to an event .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  document   start
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin email address for an admin user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  grab   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find and return vm by looking for a vm .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for updating changed changes .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  kill   users
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the size of a buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for the element(s) as visible in the element(s) .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack plugin .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  change the character of the connection .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  change   average
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  performs negative error based on 2 samples .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  is   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a valid callbacks dictionary from a canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary with key .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert any form field from a tuple of strings to a tuple .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin introduces a build step .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  loads a list of xml graph and returns a list of xml elements .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the server .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   openssl
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load an image from an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return virtual records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit methods .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   connection
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test some advanced of saturation function .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  checks if time @salt and returns true if fallback is not empty .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  null   cli

test:  start until a server in a step_definitions start and down .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  when 24 a path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  is used to describe test cases and might be helpful .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  get   run
truth:  function   function

test:  encode string as crc .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a jinja test with a filesystemloader function .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  build   return
truth:  create   create

test:  apply log scripts .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  server   server

test:  a unique id for a given period .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  updates a uploads graph based on offline token .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  updates   mailing
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return user information about git requests to the project .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  gets   null

test:  core some nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  change   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce a simple formated field to a naive datetime .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  gets   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a __unify_walk__ string to a list of 2 .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  set   set

test:  coverage coverage header parse from several country output .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  load   a

test:  connect all server cloud protocol instances within given server and client .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  connect   session
truth:  run   session

test:  list the contents of the user choose between the given list of strings .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a random variables .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  docstring for valid transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  docstring   order
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator yields cyclic elements from a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when this process is influenced or diophantine .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   status

test:  checks whether the given data is in this database .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute shortest path lengths for nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  run current unit output in different command line .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  print   a
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all job data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an object to an instance if it can be a known known known .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  takes an object and returns it .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python dotted path to directory-like one .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   check
truth:  replace   argument

test:  like pkg .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the remote remote tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a argumentsmustincludeanameora colormap under system parameters name : matplotlib name or initializing a colormap .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot relative quarter parameters data : str period of the period of data data period plot : int or equal to apply quarter quarter and quarter called_once_with : int index
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   fits
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the filters of filters from plugins .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  updates   updates

test:  add arma to ma representation of advance and impulse .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the minimum characters have valid characters .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light turn off galaxy off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   method
truth:  called   null

test:  test volume labels labels for a volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  label   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make mask in document format .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return post token from server .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  token   token

test:  convert the number of seconds into memory parts .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   none
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text with color by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  return   code
truth:  string   in

test:  return the scalar in seconds formatted for a scalar .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the specified vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  verify the calling terminal .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the device .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a helper for testing with httpbin theyre .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  return   line
truth:  like   like

test:  prompt the possible cached link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   a

test:  return a suitable for a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   version

test:  determine if the name is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove a subnet from a server using its traceback .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  throw :func:theano to run signals .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  init   handler
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return n if n is equal to the int n .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns partial roots of a univariate polynomial .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  generate   parameters
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   check
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses a uploads field from ev[field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return ratio from a variable .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  default   default

test:  write a bitdepth print a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   networkx
truth:  write   a

test:  remove specific subscribers .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns the graph n of nodes onto a graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the translations .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  transform   bench
truth:  download   download

test:  get the data for linode parameters .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box with add-on tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates in order to include a directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return a month name based on the locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  performs task tasks of all tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  assigns   generator
truth:  starts   null

test:  index page: displays all assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add a data to string value .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   result
truth:  accept   a

test:  calls client .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to deal a read-only .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  creates a new endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  extracts lines starting with first lines from a line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all default agent agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   drop
truth:  list   list

test:  compute fc7 positions of samples in x and active .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a transform to a text into the any 14 .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   keys
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  regression test for module that use a module that defines a module that importing the module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  flag distribution function using scale and scale of a distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   language
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  view to redirect a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  to   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the time on the first occurence of the line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  repeat   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  return   controller
truth:  process   a

test:  uninstall an easy_installed package with pip from a * .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a kwargs}network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sends a master process .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  process   null
truth:  set   set

test:  we are always return next lines of the module .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  context   input
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the pmf from a list of numbers .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  returns a networkx .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  converts   print
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices in string by a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns an instance of receivers from the registry registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  require the value of a given email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  given   check
truth:  to   check

test:  calculate the entire representation of a given expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  builds   difference
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt and parse the data with a cbc cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   list
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get current warning statistics about the passed warning .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   return
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes all expired identity from an object .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  function run the same function multiple times .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  function   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  compute chi-squared disjoint whitespace of an array of circular values .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  compute   download
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote quotes around a string which may or may not be quoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return a studio for the given user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  turn a document object into json json output .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  list   manager
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook wrapper for memoizing seconds .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert plain graph to systemd key .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the given fake group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  update source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse a binary string of the valid --prefix .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get a point list by the drop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a specific schema record for this specific user cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a standard error object .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  to   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  get the name of the debug level .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  get   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  create little contains a field from a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute an existing ports changed in a new ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  compute   ports
truth:  set   set

test:  set the global location from the options .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  set   set
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run the remote test suite .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  test   list
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  sync the current database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  sync   implementation
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  return an httpresponse with a secure http response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode character string in the series/index string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   character

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract a sibling of text from the sibling text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  to   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the default urls configuration to use for a url .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  look for common to the node .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  signals   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a path into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   return
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for job tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pysignature design check .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test print gpu optimization optimization make gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  redirect the given cpl/ogrerr to the auth .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  loads   execution
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  set up dipy error .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  log   symbols
truth:  if   check

test:  test 'mn' -j function .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  arrays   parameters
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the state of the maintenance database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write contents to the file this function does not exist .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  escape a string representation of a key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  identify   escape
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the values of tokens in tokens to python 2 .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   send
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version from the os .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  get   current
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  build html page from a global html file .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  build   in
truth:  open   documentation

test:  returns a tuple containing the request and returns whether api .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the text representation of html document or an html entity .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  this loss_or_grads pseudo-quotient for computing memory .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   provider
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode in a given header and return demultiplex header .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the test is cleared twice .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  color   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  default   user
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite which is run for testing .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  imports a file or a list of modules below the public test :type modname: str .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a time file in a time .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  using   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the path to astropy .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  replace image by kwargs .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   spatial
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a capture request header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving children of an search .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  control control .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  convert an integer or string to py3 .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the path to the directory that contains an themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  create an individual cost of the sympy .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper to save a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from a namespace page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  quick /a/c/f for sites seekable arrays .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  if   null

test:  copy zip file and download the given plugin to the provided plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  log a message with the specified author .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print out the definition_type name and print unicode .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this function returns a list of keywords with lookuptable .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  set redis roles cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  set   get
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper for converting an asynchronous function to the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  string   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test copy handling and add weights .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  copy   feed
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete all status allocation for a given subnet and upgrade ones .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get failedtogetgroup{ group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  test assumes one sample units have the end of the low region .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  have   count
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph graph of g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parameters obj : the object to send to .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  determine if the given attribute is a wcs object .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get a nan? instance given ipython runs .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  create a session by loading its current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the name from the specified bitstring/bytestring .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a form in a given parameters key : float32 or the result of an ssh key .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  toggle   remove
truth:  modify   null

test:  using 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to search for two network tweets .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   use
truth:  sample   sample

test:  changes the kodi .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the k[x] of a raw degree in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  set a security security groups cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  retrieve the ]module class .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a qpixmap for serializing api .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  find   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all associated profiles cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   caches
truth:  to   check

test:  download downloader .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  return   args

test:  converts the datastore path to a python network datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  compute an variant of columns using a depth .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  compute   solve
truth:  depth   depth

test:  set current password exists and verifies that configuration exists .
truth: drop database . 
test:  update   up
truth:  drop   database

test:  get the string representation of the sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  print   parse
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the vector of a buffer .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if or not a statd name matches the square character name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  start click on selection dialog .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  start   analytics
truth:  select   null

test:  whether a user has allowed to change reviewer .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  view   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm vm : string vm status .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  test that footer throws an exception when the needles contains needles .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  test   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a 1-in-n int .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a draft object .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  update existing certname with message if there are no match .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  update   find
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  get aws widget with aws option .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts score by dependency .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  test installing a wheel path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of defined defined graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  given   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator to parse a function .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  prints a new batch of the remote server .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts user label from network to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   integer

test:  converts the xml tree with its least one .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  to   in
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed and status message .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates a search rank number to the collection rank .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  halt the pathname .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  decorate   add
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create an albuminfo object .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  create   information
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for characters of a certain line or password .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   dispatcher
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parse a logger .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set accuracy of standard based on flavor/image .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   kill
truth:  default   default

test:  get list of environment variables into the package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  using   routine
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type 6 section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  decorate a url and returns the api to the api api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update or update the property from given srcpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  display   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  displays the installed startup list :return: none :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  list   list

test:  register subscription configuration and store a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  add the behavior of key to an existing row of its key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  adds   de
truth:  xor   xor

test:  get all parameter .
truth: return marker . 
test:  request   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert an integer to a long integer .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor object from media descriptor descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  interpret a string argument by one argument .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  pair   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  creates a reference to a given object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   information
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer part of rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  volunteer comments .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a numpy rng give the same results with the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  validate a set of binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from url with length for a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  closes out songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  see   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  select the best path by path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the current node in iterable from iterable from iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  cyclen   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an input template name for the normally sdk .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict with the given name and folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get the current timezone from a zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  extracts   time
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system path for the device .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  gets hexadmecimal md5 hash of string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  get   method
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print the transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  adds an error message to all distributions in the passed code .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start a terminal .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  transform tools attributes to a particular config file .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  to   add

test:  nice a nice configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private file or use pem cipher cli example: .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  validate and search the certificate requires the certificate handling .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  initiate   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  test whether a path is a package vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  test   return
truth:  to   path

test:  populate row with indicated keys .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds a single existing tensor in an existing tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  set permission setting in principals parameters settings : principals : permission to the permission .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  send an alert life command for json instances .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  send   helper
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all enabled files and delete files .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the approximate style style style style features .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a saved event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading and see that omap' are known by omap' if the supplied omap' .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  regressiont   test
truth:  write   a

test:  replace all regular expressions special characters from markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  replace   description
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the home hub platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  builds the number of unique fields of an existing series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  remove all formatting after the given original string .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  remove   works
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a previously set field in ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  apply that returns the rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  generates the cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the argument has been either in the system or an argument .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  look for an identity with its exchange records for the specified domains and return a dict with the resulting domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  look   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  polymorphic and returns triples between two :class:~datetime .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  null   find
truth:  is   diff

test:  return the name of the given file path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  set back reference to pdb debugging .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  simplified   print
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an integer representing entity names .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  test if a clean application is present .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  does   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  set the remote client identified by id .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  set   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given an xblock and a url .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns the value of a serializer object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if its not numeral an array of series is farther than three standard deviations out of the series of each series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  plots   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test for issue value .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return a formatted string corresponding to a symbol .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a boolean to indicate that the availability available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  render a comment in its fields on a incident form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  render   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances of critical coordinates .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  url-encode strings that ignores any formatting characters .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  takes   c
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   crud

test:  import leaf .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  null   status
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   request
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for defining new methods .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   imports
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy an array of strings .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  return a version of console versions for console .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent indentation and return a dict of text .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  fill   a

test:  return the path to the project .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an integer to an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return url to relative to relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if this is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] dict from a f dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that keeps all ids stored on the query .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  null   queries
truth:  search   search

test:  read blackbody file and return parsed filename .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the names of all forward if available .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  endpoint   convenience
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the weighted weighted stable 1d stable chain .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   64bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding from split_libraries .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  adds arguments with args and type conversions .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  return true if file can be written .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code for an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for functions that synchronizes the actual logging .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  determines if a job is about to the vendor cache directory .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  to   directory
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create a align path for the drivers .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  create   check
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the full tree path for a node with the given tree or a list of coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the painting .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   remove
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a group group is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   datetime
truth:  get   a

test:  return the full path on the container that owns the given path cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  return   a

test:  given a client and an active backend .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  given   user
truth:  iterate   null

test:  split a string representing the data .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  is the predicate function from the predicate of a proposed proposed .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript records with javascript urls .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for checking if http request is not built .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   dispatcher
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a configuration name that will be used to return a configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  given   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable evaluation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   variance
truth:  null   eval

test:  extract all events from keen from a keen file set .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  get the facet facet for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 between 2 vectors .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  search the search search url for given metadata_url .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel enquiry section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new array constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the shape of a variable with lots of the given vector .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   find
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive tzinfo .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  test decorator to make sure we can accept bindings inside the test for the doctest .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the path in an absolute request path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset out the variant of the variant cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  given   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  turn a string to a single newline .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  iterate   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  check if the given exception is an handlers .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  orv near succeeds .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to preprocess an object .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return a dict that only contains keys in the dictionaries dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  open a new version of a file .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  =   null
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  install a c{failure} .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  output   null
truth:  run   run

test:  get the result of a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  get   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  unlock filesystem .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  using   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  loads a list of lists of potentially types .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure there is disabled at the current time in the config virtualhost config .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  set   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to apply indentation indentation .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network graph of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theme of theme processes .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return most of versions .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   top

test:  get the lists along with the archive and find the file extension .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of pairs .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the msg usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   manager
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send user multiple welcome .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  add   a

test:  parse a package version in the package version string like a tuple .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  guess the environment dict of the application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  list   function
truth:  like   like

test:  converts data to a pickle-able object .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs seqs to fp .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return true iff <name> .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a rabbitmq plugin which are enabled .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fail an s3 invariant where the bucket doesnt actually support the bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  passing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  constructs data from json encoded data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  constructs   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily disable context manager .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the absolute text of a file in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use main to change device parent_path is logging on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  return the score and dependents for the given subset of memcache .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   null

test:  original process .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   null

test:  returns length of the length corresponding to the given object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get - find - layers in identical < search for - search for - returns datacenter - base: response body on new search for new call .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  null   operations
truth:  to   function

test:  helper to get a new private key with ftypes .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  to   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a unique data from jfif parameters rep_doc : matplotlib dictionary .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  adds a rule to an answer log for the given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  on lowest parts .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   egg
truth:  stop   stop

test:  send data retrieved from ccx block device with the next page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  send   view
truth:  set   set

test:  test that setups are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  determines if the object is a scalar-like .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process and merge a pixel files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  try and get url .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return only the compiled compiler filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks elements in duplicates mapping file eip_address .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  from url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  url   url
truth:  if   null

test:  closes the debug url for this code .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   in
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the input from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  test the device .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within the defined subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  extract any [r headers from an http response .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  try   try

test:  read a table table with col delimiters value provided .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  make   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  v_1 dot product of two arrays and b = 1 .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load the list from a filterchain list .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  duplicated   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a budget_bundle_kit connection only .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  gets the setuptools version of a given url to the best availability url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  resolve   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  finds all strings in text from text with text .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  read a variable and var it .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  read   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  old elements of symbols and values .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove prefix .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove a website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  compute a negative slice type .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a backing string with dev[query] devices .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   dict
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if path is absolute .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  restore   profiling
truth:  is   null

test:  fast-sleep version for computing p .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require english test directory directory .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   a
truth:  project   project

test:  sets the added matrix .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  given a repository record and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  given   nodes
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string containing the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the version of the version cli example: .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test exception exception exception model with components .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  list all of the files in a list with one letter .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  list   null
truth:  if   null

test:  show related page of vid page from page of vid related to template .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clique graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data passed through signal filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  compute   push
truth:  return   data

test:  if called .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  check   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  used to redirect to with-context url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the chroot directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback that checks the server has been run in the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that something is acceptable .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   a
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of summary of exploration with icon details .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  stats   api
truth:  given   a

test:  return the staff type for a course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  import and return the path to the scripts file .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  get   a
truth:  import   import

test:  check to see if there are no args .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  to   a
truth:  name   name

test:  using an instance of theano .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   demo
truth:  null   example

test:  removes a slice or a slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  removes   matches
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached function with a fixed value .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   fixture
truth:  starting   starting

test:  skip test unless a test if review not installed .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  retrieve grouped grouped tags from the input name and return the name of this subsites will end up .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  retrieve   tags
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a :class:uielement:: .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flag string used internally by the spec .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   description

test:  returns a set of all mapped sequences of original and y .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict containing the correct directories in an environment .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  return   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  append deployment and requests special characters .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  remove   environment
truth:  null   salt

test:  fallback the directory and determines if a file can be read .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   setting
truth:  setting   setting

test:  replace trailing comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  get   pull
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test preloading vertex surfaces .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  create full array of int .
truth: aux function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available page help dicts .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute an operator by a shape .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  change task in admin server .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments are available as _ssl .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  to   django
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   convenience

test:  update the url .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  update   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  find all the users in a registered' instance .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whenever the next position in a file f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create text with the text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all quotas .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if this string has links .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main application .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  set   environment
truth:  null   level

test:  return a string that expects an issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  return   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define return return exit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return a reference to the 'hubble field fields .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that database will cause keys in a catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  null   database

test:  compares the metadata for remote fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  get the local url of the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual properties spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items in the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a 304 if an account is present .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   flask
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if the output is present .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  traverse the various gating score from the course structure .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  detect   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the ca certificate as a .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  to   check
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for reduction input: by reduction .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to integer .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return the robust function by floating point improving .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  return   rows
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with bad characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  solves an array with the same gaussian distribution .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  function   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a function that makes one wrapping a wrapping .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove a path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  split a list of nodes via a weakness .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  split   null
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return true if the current connection is recorded .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that acquires a lock lock .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  transfer   function
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin test useful useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that could build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this is importing to have different .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  is   widgets
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return all rectangle rectangle in the destination tree .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  function   resize
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates that javascript parameter and raises a new parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validates   wrapper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on at least one of series of each mean of the given series of grayscale samples .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show a single command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  process   none
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator to perform a new method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  converts profiling .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   info

test:  generate tuples representing instance of the specified instance body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  function   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test profiling when an installation jar .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  a trace .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  check   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  dummy implementation of dummy .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace any string in a text with a single space .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  latex   s
truth:  string   string

test:  attempts to parse the tcp ca certs .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the specified host system in host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  to   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a string for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing child .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  clean node prior to the workflow .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  enforce a yaml .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute get_facebook and start data .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize the module .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   logging
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nested 'aandbshouldbesquare-free' .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sets up a sphinx extension .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  sets   setup
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a string to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap a function to restrict the driver if its driver is not none .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a [speech requests .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   bytes
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the last command in a string at given folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   js
truth:  run   run

test:  custom method to format a comma parameter cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  get a list of strings from the twitter system .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  list   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a directory path to a base base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  extras extras dependency gets uninstalled from a chart .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  suspend suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   sets
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper function for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  make sure that the given version of no parameters .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a new .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   multiple

test:  gets an email address for user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  if   check

test:  ajax a css version of a css sff .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   move
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively resolve width and values .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute reduced spline filter parameters x : ndarray the rotation matrix or its derivative .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  decrypts a collection of variable descriptors .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data with the secret key and stores it .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot energy between statsmodels and period and period parameters x : string x : the period of the _ period : int .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   helper
truth:  plot   plot

test:  set the number of a file to use .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  null   a

test:  tell the recurrence dict with an initial state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a custom image decorator that returns the known_hosts object .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  writes contents to filename as filename .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a string from a python string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  receives an error with a simple transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  null   error
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a local url to an destination session path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance with an instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  a wrapper for tauchens .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from nulltranslations control list to string .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  a safe cache for use in mocks .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : primary primary times .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  pastes stop for a base class .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  running   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves all elements obtained by the axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert decimal zone resolve to single-letter datastore .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   round
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a colorized list of dictionaries containing potentially keys and their values .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  returns   dask
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate that the settings ready to serve some credentials are automatically deleted .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   async
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write the list of pairs to the specified name .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit an permissions .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  import   cast
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the squared sum of *a* .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke state to ly from task by task name .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  registers js class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  null   type

test:  call this function took the db .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  rewrite   commit
truth:  null   a

test:  one-argument an integer .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default match of all possible operators .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns an object representing the versioned attribute of the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func and remove values on all values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  the main function .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  show   system
truth:  null   entry

test:  test if an ip address exists .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  host   host

test:  given a socket path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  initialize n elements of epochs with epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return the string representation of the rsa integer n with rsa n specified in the rsa or equal to the otus .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change password of local command .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  this function will return a list of filenames .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  function   list
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  reset   functions
truth:  add   multiple

test:  set users .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  set   nictag
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes with parent .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   index

test:  register the codecs of the codecs module .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   a
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the graph of a graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig publish trend reports with bbtrig plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return dict with keys that have a dict of key/value pairs .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update an existing draft or .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   a
truth:  save   a

test:  read a pcfg graph from the input .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   dot
truth:  null   kernel

test:  show the information for an xfs device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  show   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some pure date .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  given a pep integer .
truth: as above . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node by using the same name the page to use .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns dictionary of doctest length of doctest files .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  automatically adjust integer class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a list of available zones for the configured zones cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get alias information about a key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  used   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given the request .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  given   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect all dependencies of the given directory .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  to   null

test:  compute whether called in a csr matrix and circular parameters endcodes : array_like the ndarray matrix to be done by comparing it through all distance between 0 .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  mimic   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  load certificate request handling certificate .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  clean   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fake a fake room .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  fake   pair
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   policy

test:  get the entry point alias to offset from the chart .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes an dhcp options options by id or name .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  delete   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  single string with inclusion in a given css document .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read text from file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  text   version
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  convert value to a float or int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload s3 location to this object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie player player with player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  create a complete template for a template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  associated a record with data .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  is   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  converts the model class from a user or the user to use the string that interfaces have been the docstring .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  raise if a nested module is found .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  if   a
truth:  give   null

test:  reset state of a subsystem instance .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  checks the user is not mandatory .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  running   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a view .
truth: remove message . 
test:  view   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a 1d config files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap the sphinx extension .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  point   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name can be relative to the given module :type file name .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get type with a type .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  filter out environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the cli interface .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  execute   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index of a freesurfer_home array with index .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to ignore all ignored names from the given path .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data based on windows offset of strings offset and expand windows offset to expand conf .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  update libraries between all .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   return
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  if python installation .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the reduced coefficient of f and options .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  test that the installation is authorized to the expected version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   client
truth:  test   test

test:  one block of equations .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  null   part

test:  simple workflow to a new workflow .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   groups
truth:  add   user

test:  gets an email address based on the user provided .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  replace extra numbers .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to instructor .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  import   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  return a random user random string .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and/or delete a temporary directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  obtains   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to censored retries .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  if   endpoint
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the ip address of the current host .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   verbose
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of the 'stdout' architecture .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test redis users outdated of a revision .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   args
truth:  load   load

test:  formats fits format spec to itemsizeif array .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  record   record

test:  return an entities with a single resource ids .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager that checks if there are any field than or sorted .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  sort   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest guest spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  escapes a string such that it cannot be sent correctly .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert python 2 .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy system but not try to salts cassandra .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a hashed string .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  the p-th inverse of the input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  return   return

test:  factor square-free polynomial p in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the user provided parameters .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the client .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  simple equality test .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to mark a resource which checks to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  resolve a mobile mobile .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a given filename from filename and return a datetime object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a new file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts between translation and the python strings .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that checks if the request isnt authorized to the callers ago and the generator function .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  request   null
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the machine .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  checks threads since given activity delay .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check json files in uploaded count of uploaded files .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the inverse discrete sine transform of the github type .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  value   return
truth:  return   discrete

test:  finds all negatives with the given url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   cbs
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send a email address highpass test .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   notify
truth:  given   a

test:  set the reg registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   certificate
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for production / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get all summary services .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   object
truth:  like   like

test:  open a document to all of the doc document in the path starting with the doc document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  open   document
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path to the package containing that a test directory .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when error is not invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  adds query values to playlist it .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  this function returns true if no song should be created .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a md5 digest for a given hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule plus expr | expr le rule | rule gt expr | expr ge rule | rule expr | rule gt expr gt .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean source strings .
truth: clean component . 
test:  source   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function to convert a single unicode value to utf-8 or none .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the protocol .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of packages to show packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  text broadcasts completion to work on windows systems and agent .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   trash

test:  the function to be called via a function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  ensure that review can accept out a comment with a comment .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  checks   laplace
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string to a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the markup | markup .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  directory that yields all files under glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  compute the standard moment of an array .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  loops   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to run a function with a list of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a metadata dict from an existing data string .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a string with one line of the given word .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  return   field
truth:  is   input

test:  set up the deterministic backend count .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  set   prereg
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of all interesting files that we can be found in this package .
truth: by default . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   security
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address into a string of dns bytes .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a source source file and save it to a dict .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   content
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define target resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  define   null

test:  remove a attribute from the locale .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  delete   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  set up ui for the given project_type .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  set   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  release a device name .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is created should only be run on one cluster node with a functional cluster node .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  adminonly a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  restart   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate-transpose of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the output with expected results for expected correction with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest with the given data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  load   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  ensure and make sure access to the rdp service is disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore run .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  plots   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_default_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that line reader works with parallel parameter .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  vouches vouches .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  write   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes an input value to plain format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries and update the args .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return true if youre is a theme/' .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  determine the file in which the given line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  determine   binary
truth:  return   return

test:  print the the logs buffer was flushed .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  print   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  a placeholder filter decorator that prevents extra exceptions .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  list points in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  this undo works by default .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   build
truth:  test   test

test:  count count of lists into a number of lists .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path for one or more given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  pythonerrorintheinspectmodule error handler .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   performance
truth:  print   a

test:  convert an object to numpy array .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  color   color

test:  given the tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  clear   real
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an existing join join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  sy sy .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  configures up a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  stats   forwarding
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns a list of page links for a single request .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for tests that require no files to be a function be a edges .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get arguments correctly in tricky arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return x = core_t(n) of x along the interval x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute posbn max parameters x : ndarray .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the path to the git version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time series of the document .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  set up proxymodules module parameters .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  set   function
truth:  solves   null

test:  checks that an attribute has a valid format value .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for caching methods .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return nice http tests to an ssl server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the format representing an observed or depend on the specified model representing the host item passed in that the host .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  ensures   validates
truth:  make   null

test:  get the value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path does an html file end in the given file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app access string .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  searches until it returns false .
truth: main loop . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry the running function for the application after http request after the user tests .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   send
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  read a template file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return the difference between zcr and sign .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   up
truth:  computes   null

test:  rename assets .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check if the specified overlay can be installed on this minion cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  if   list
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror a list of polynomials from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  set up the temporary directory .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  set   null
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative to a full path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate command .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   thrift
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the unix address argument into [urllib .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns whether obj is deleted .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if data appears in user to get all the users .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  if   list
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the temporary directory path with test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get imports modules .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  get   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud 'monitor' .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an uninitialized hash of a sequential or long_url .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the sparse times on a sparse computation .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  find   core
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  read key key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  build   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  update a container .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  function   volume
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read a kit .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   event
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send email report into the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  constructs a logsbuffer service .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for running in a with statement .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  convert a file with a filename and return an array filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  given   command
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if all sequential addresses is strides according to the given maximum structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  if   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of critical features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the given value is a list-like string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  returns   separators
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse a given host string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   security
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the locale object used by the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  lists all the most common html .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the given image length to killed .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   accepts
truth:  given   a

test:  iterate over a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application response[ and dependencies .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the translation thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a path to the package version or an os .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for checking if http request fails for low-level .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  reindex images of the same object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  copies   scaling
truth:  null   frequency

test:  transform an ldap hash .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   request

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a show device and end user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if object is best .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server starts up .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  get   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return the valid service cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  create invalid plugin .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  remove the current git command from a shell .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  djangos   code
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles that are not likely to this avoids cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  guess   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  run an available information cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  run   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python file and subpackages in the same location as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of all functions in the same type as values .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  given   function
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using a url-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run a command on the remote host .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a squared reference to the one memory .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  look   current
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an empty connection with protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  produce   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert *obj* *obj* to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead reduction products using yule-walker products ctheta series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return the technical traceback object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert from create-cluster .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  passes an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  send   uses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case of a dense image components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  signals   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a failures .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  read   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all matches in the string by using the pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  checks if the smallest and returns the smallest data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  input   return
truth:  trims   null

test:  find the created score of nth-order using a numpy array of polynomials .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the deviance likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculates the given hash of s .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  display   display

test:  convert unique topics to unique pcap .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  function   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates a request string which writes a request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save or prevents files into a numpy array with the data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   in
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap database connection .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  introduce a attr_name with a given hash .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  sum   function
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing dag dag from the perf test dags .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  convert string to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the nested listing of a matrix .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  upload data in dataset with local .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  turn   null

test:  return our os .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  string   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing from a relative path contains a relative constructred .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the linear dns index on the device .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  run application .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  utility function to get a useful number of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  outputs the compiler to the node for this process .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn a inventory message into the following fields: - the subclasses of the node with the inventory is to show .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  turn   check
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   api

test:  compute finder path if were running in the physical memory .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cosmetic can run a new git order .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful controller - not editable to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace nodename utf-8 strings with their single-character equivalent .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  log a function used to log a message .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  log   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper: get a date from a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify the forms cache out of a query string .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  parse   a

test:  list issues given issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  mock   issues
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of all available context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the serializable integral .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a list of python modules below the directory that should be included .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   get
truth:  yield   elements

test:  override test cases to override specific configuration in the given collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  override   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function to check enum an enum engine .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  to   instances
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorate a function to pass to the underlying function .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser a user .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the given json .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configure   real
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean up the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  migrates   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves integer directly .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  set the minimum attributes to the list of desktop modules which are not already defined by the module in the synthetic .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  set   list
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  preprocess image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if win_servermanager is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the unicode representation of a unicode string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path of the executable executable with a path .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service tags and make a retrieved stack tags available .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through spend given an int .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the pregnancy addonuser vectors based on a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  based   data
truth:  return   a

test:  takes indices of same shape as a numpy array of shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the overlay of mirror an ignoredkeywordwarning file .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return the string of the current locale based on prefslang code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a pattern wildcard config file and returns a python list .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert elements to 1 element if neccessary is a list; .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  return   return

test:  list disk filesystem .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  list   disk
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new test runner if it doesnt already exist .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with the given word .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  exit one or multiple failed job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  import   exit
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin with independent image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rectangle a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  new input parameter .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  loglikelihood of an array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return an active response object .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete an arn policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the various sample sample line entered map .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  finds an item with plugins associated with a list of plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  finds   none
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  team for new email .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   null
truth:  request   request

test:  check to make sure all variables have at least one item in the scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path <= a path in the current and b .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  return   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test start with epoch .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  save json files to a json file using json table api .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  prints torrent and failure of standard shifts goals .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  update the specified ip address with the specified ip .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  update   a
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  performs a database connection cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  open   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the remote git repository .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  fetch   new
truth:  make   null

test:  validate a bluetooth device by address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the results of a thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  an multiproc tests .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read a python file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  read   content
truth:  content   content

test:  test that this bug gives a ask for ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  need   need

test:  disable disabled service if not installed on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   handler
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates an xml string from the xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules expr lt expr | expr gt expr | morerules expr | expr gt expr | expr power expr | expr ne expr .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is called only time the ipython interpreter in ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  acquiring   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return number of security group rule in the security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  builds   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  set color to complexities when trade_count a cloud plot .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  color   plotting
truth:  plot   influence

test:  flush text to disk .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  text   data
truth:  write   null

test:  test the convergence factorization with difference between post_pages and authfunc=somepackage .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   gateway
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the application .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension from a device .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  return a dataset which only contains the codes of code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   in
truth:  find   find

test:  shear images with the same var as the new image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  move all timeout with timeout from a given page .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  move   data
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add engine info in hbase table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   p
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin yaml: build results .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : simple_stmt .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   in
truth:  atom   atom

test:  get common slices of square root of tuples .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  filename   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  back up the given language object according to the fallback function .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolve an object to an instance of the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id from a backend .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   users
truth:  persist   a

test:  write a list of contents to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  make a test filename with test immediately ubuntu files .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the line number of id .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a cardinality patch patch to a 3d object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a value of file in use .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  get   properties
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes a given base64 encoded string .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  yields a dict fac*po*g to pull scanning issues that are untrusted gets created at most of the first period .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  walk   pull
truth:  receive   messages

test:  determine if the syn[ is in the next list .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the start window .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   wrapper
truth:  set   set

test:  this function raises a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  start all available plugins .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of the value < 1 .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns class name from specified type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to add to the decorated function .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  timeline timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   converts
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an ldap query into its parts of the form are not a dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function to be called via the list .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return zero if n is prime .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  returns an instance of the given method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the given parameters .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  initialize   page
truth:  null   version

test:  same as q .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string into a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  minimize a function of one variable of its descendents .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a django backends object to use in django .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns context with current request .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  context   updates
truth:  default   default

test:  the cookie and expiration should not have the db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary version string to a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a known known kind into an integer .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform the named member on a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   patch
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for standard systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the directed boundary of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the environment object .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the base root root root file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieve the db table by either an integral or create cli example: .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  to   try

test:  prints out tabs with potentially conversion .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   example
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  gets text from single line .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to **boto with modules that have extra_context responses .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  load timeseries from the writable file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts an address in network to network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  return the most common element in a list .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the hypervolume of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a string with a variable .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  null   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  a page with the subscription page .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if were running .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   check
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test the correctness of simply .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the full path gets created correctly and that we only from the correct altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  using   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  formats a number of number strings into the path .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  determine if the corresponding function is a class .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  determine the factors of the form parameter .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert wavelength character references cli example: .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   quote
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  uses new module to fetch tools from the given vif .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  sending   a
truth:  use   use

test:  setup the wide registry as belonging to an iam certificate .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  see   null

test:  return denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create the test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  test styles methods with method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  test   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  execute the return value of a single dimension .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  set ccpr plots .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  handle the script .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test archive handler for archive backends .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  flips the schema schema from the current axes .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  following   current
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a many subclass of input data many item if x is not break .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   implementation
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  processes   processes

test:  get the path to the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve brocade http status code from certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  aaaa -> full address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to a user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories to be found in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that model can be set and its index .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the standard value of the given list of 1 .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculates   normalize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the node is found on the given node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  fake distutils .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into parts of the same dimension as a list .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of all ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  0rv the size of the size of the array by a specified size .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   find
truth:  read   64bit

test:  update a draft registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  return a indented of text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  float   a
truth:  given   a

test:  takes a document and gets the corresponding date string for a chal .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  takes   ntlm
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  construct a raised attribute given a watch value .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a format string path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes log correlation matrix of setting by nd .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  color   values
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  turns a few bytes into list; bytes .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a random integer x with elements from the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will updates the event for the ordereddict page args: username: the number of absolute array representing the users current user to build .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return an ipv6 domain name for the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test multiple extensions that have a number of extensions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   call
truth:  test   test

test:  get email by default .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   web
truth:  append   a

test:  given a string name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the standard error of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in case file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   read
truth:  write   null

test:  returns text text strings for the given node or text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  high-wave candle .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  null   star

test:  switch app and erpnext to master branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   rules
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get a default spider class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily change the configuration config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  warn   config
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  encodes an integer to hex encoded format .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  a document that has a storage document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if source is source .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  to   function

test:  change the oids to the existing subset of the boolean .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  change   in
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns all blocks which are marked as a subsection .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a >= operator .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from salt to the encryption likelihood .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  read source source spaces from a docker dataframe parameters src : str or a subset of strings .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  read   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a decimal value .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a prepared .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  send   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  executes a iso iso 8601 .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  executes   in
truth:  function   function

test:  registers a buf: connection .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  url   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  prepare single xml into tenant/user .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   xml
truth:  read   read

test:  checks f = max where "normalized" is true .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown the named service cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a particular module object for a server .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  this serve serve the returner notes .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  load the smartos .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the value to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment comment with the given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  path to a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror if the process has running .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal helper that is cross a wrapper to download a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts to discover the command command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  to   commands
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return system name based on the name of the pattern .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  delete correct cluster to amazon specific user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  generates   indices
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all activities for a user and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   return

test:  tests whether all models me during the model goal .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  try   try

test:  handle request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test telnet values .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate inputs of tuples to tuples based on the nested set of inputs .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a local ips to a local node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the new bucket for a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip data from the given data and return as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression * expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from a user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  set profile to upload an image if it exists .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  return   module
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  loads the start command in the application .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  loads   information
truth:  creates   null

test:  run logs application .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  command   a
truth:  run   example

test:  test path should test for local urls .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the host of the host to remove to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait until the specified exception is futures .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  change the python implementation .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  function   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a log on a specified request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  check to see if the current new random environment cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  to   null
truth:  open   open

test:  configures translated strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   sequences
truth:  source   source

test:  return the region number of a phone number in the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  logs a useful for the index that oscillator is not in the reverse .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  logs   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  split a string with text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a time object according to the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the random token remote token from a yaml document .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the index of a list of ranged parameters a : array-like the number of apply to the right side of the previous expression .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing html values in fill_values should only replace html columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to redirect order of student order .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   function
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http accept-* header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the specificity class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   class
truth:  default   default

test:  in the string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts elements in groups map to nt .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   nt

test:  return chain for chain .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an attribute of the given object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  this is never display cart if they are enabled or not .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  check if the node with the given auth url .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  if   hgrid
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses the first word in a mime-type .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  parses   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a space to millisecond string .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute degree degree of f from f in the list .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert multiple fastq data to multiple fastq fastq format .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moment moments on log file .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   standard
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes use the state of override_system_resolver() .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   merge
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if urls that are enabled; else false .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  bytes   checks
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new doctest .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   sphinx
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum that is small .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the z-wave climate lights .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) and its derivative integer functions .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  split a map file into a sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  split   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  create dask task space that are digits between dask arrays .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  create   percentile
truth:  return   num

test:  returns a json representation of the server .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the function will be called .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test the predictions on a dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that requires message to obtain .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  wanted is currently logged-in to start qt app .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  is   calls
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  updates   models
truth:  are   models

test:  take a form configuration value and return a dict of the keys .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return uptime dict for all uptime than one call .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a metadata-schema type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test using an old function .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this handler does one call to validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip invalid address .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  allocate   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that download_file gives a bug with a bad results .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   indexing
truth:  test   test

test:  add user to default permissions in user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   ancestor
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the platform .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  extract log id from request .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  extract   view
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  mock implementation .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd with a shared uuid .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve fixed counts grouped by fixed counts .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running gae failure dies with lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  null   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the cumulative distribution of the dataset data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  returns   confidence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse key of a chunk of vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  loads   data

test:  takes a path .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  takes   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a random string of "b" characters in a cabal-install .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  return the graph in a .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  add an existing service for the given service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  add   a
truth:  register   a

test:  the regularized added .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  regularized   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find nodes in a given page .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the slashes table info from the cookie table .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  collect objects by matching objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  stats   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  makes a tuple from a tuple .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads data from given start type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a script with a script that returns its interpreter .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   up
truth:  code   code

test:  writes debug in bytes to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  writes   unicode
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to each campaign already exists .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write the filename to the filename to its conda filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  write   a
truth:  open   open

test:  loads the markdown markdown config file .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   process
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy context - we allows you to add a nested application .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  adds   number
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the problem is cleared to show .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  builds the specified block block special block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  map   cgs
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find the tree tree from the given node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  get   statistics
truth:  report   report

test:  creates the various sequences of sequences .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  creates   work
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a dict of tuples to the resource .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number of tuple per locale settings .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  stop containers that have a given containers notice .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   information
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a version of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the netmask netmask of a given class .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  write   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if an elasticache cluster exists in the given cluster .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if were a function from a callable .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  loads the grains from a given template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  load   find
truth:  config   config

test:  return the class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  fix the results of artist by limit .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  extract   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   notification
truth:  limit   limit

test:  ensure that product of a product field than the goal of products .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created by the request .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a class for a given name .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  translate   build
truth:  build   build

test:  read the permission from the http storage object .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  read   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  determine the path to the bootstrap filename .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  determine   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether we are running successfully .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a new window from invalid these are the same .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  returns the grant article that will push the file to the given content .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the warning color to use .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import os .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  import   edit
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a the header in the section table .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  return the graphs automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the three model of xs .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  concatenate   base
truth:  do   one

test:  check whether a mime type is a valid dns type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  function   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new lookup .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the message that were active that were active .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   demo
truth:  return   backups

test:  calculate the value of the agreement distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   case
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a remote version .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a table of the django table sql statements in an ignoredkeywordwarning backend .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   wrap
truth:  executes   null

test:  create the device that are assigned to the tests .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  inverse hyperbolic unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert image description of a json file .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the inventory from a host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy source_path locally .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted for a specific pattern .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the cli portion of a netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate given image mapping file .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  transform   kill
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a named requirements cli example: .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the lists to the lists .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs a translates key for a given key .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  create   instances
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the extra attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps failure in failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  utility function to normalized pfx .
truth: print returns . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the percentage of outstanding files and running present .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  walks   validate
truth:  if   test

test:  fake api function .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url into url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add an existing viewpoint with a users separated viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate yield names based on the given path .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a timeout to a file .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  output   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for action an action .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  measure mutual clusterings of two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   compute
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a temp file to replace for filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   copy
truth:  write   version

test:  calculate the meg field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  calculate   field
truth:  do   null

test:  supports snapshot and name .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  show the query parameters .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  show   a
truth:  use   use

test:  helper function for integer factorization of the consecutive parameters p : integer number of the field_id polynomial dtyped polynomial translate or equal to the numerator number of the numerator .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the bound of features of the mean of a wishart the expected value of the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  calculate   matrix
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets get interfaces and load interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  get   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  l2 for testing instance methods .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and sha1 sha1 estimator .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  compares   null

test:  return the memory usage of an integer .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  fetch datacenters to use a list of resource names and return the current datacenter with the given datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  resolve a host and port .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  resolving   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  given a list of numbers .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  given   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  an example template gui gui gui tests .
truth: gui test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict with information about the vms id .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  aux function .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  function   release
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a unique web instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  return a cache message whose blob is present .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return stream to stderr .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  extract a library from a group type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all configured entry .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  combines samples by one tree per tree args: one tree of the otu metadata file and save it to the same metadata file per tree of the last sample metadata
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  make   n

test:  get a dictionary of test objects in a directory .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user in fullname .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert a string to a binary string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space or unicode string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an existing user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize an elb to cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   security
truth:  authorize   network

test:  format the tooltip statistics and fac*po*g to others .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a simple function that returns the list of indices of the given string .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the current date in seconds since the epoch .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the *l1* range of two numpy arrays .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  tests   representation
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey how to valid simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: sphinx a job allows you to define common build steps requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release in 'io plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   campfire
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  serializes any object specifications .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  square   null
truth:  get   get

test:  delete projects with ip directory .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if survey descriptor is found in the course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format html string with ? .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks for morphing and existence whitespace in iso format .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  checks   data
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the function work .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  export   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a formatted timezone of offset in a datetime .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test redis email commands .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  null   contributors

test:  fill the endpoint from float values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index page: displays all mass projects .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow app to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container image rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  check if user discard to logout .
truth: log out . 
test:  starts   endpoint
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance in media list on media instance this function returns if this function does not exist .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   media
truth:  index   index

test:  return a globally version of a triple .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  array   array

test:  is this the given user .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  lists all objects of a command class or not .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  validates up http server session .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print all available action instances .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   information

test:  read config from file and return parsed *exactly* config file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  read   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write an issues file which contains issues and aastex values of the table but not make sure that the table has issues by wrapping and therefore it .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  write   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   handler

test:  get rackspace driver name for the current thread .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  replace elements of functions with appropriate elements of cyclic .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over a list of active patterns .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  catch   new
truth:  iterate   null

test:  display a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  package   package

test:  return a bad list of variables to see if given name has no valid variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  return an api client .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether power button can sleep :return: a string if supported :return: a amount of or not .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall command with osx .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a before an app .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   ways
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set ipv6 addresses for specified ipv6 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate an oauth request token at which a request is sent from the current nested response token can be sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of classes .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check that the function will only on obj and return its supported object .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  handle pending hydrological .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  signal   mako
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get a context dictionary that is suitable for a schemes shell .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the current environment .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   version

test:  same as controlb .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a string like standardized format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   timestamp
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  execute the callable function with args .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   thing

test:  builds a dict and returns lists to be lists .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  for all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  display   links
truth:  place   place

test:  check docstring docstring docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an openstack security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  remove the reactor from the reactor .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  null   something

test:  return true if the user has allowed to do a certain action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   decodes
truth:  if   null

test:  make a classmethod forwarding transform .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure cookiecutter() with no_input=true and without any pending files in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   check
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  null   command
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get disk config to which the instance has been used by the max class .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if single set of blocks partitions are valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  test text stacked stacked identified by text .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  make   logarithmic
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  formats a lhs backend and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  regression test for table mounting spaces if an :class:elasticsearch file .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a sound byte array to an integer array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  null   row

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run geonodes on a text .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  trivial   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an integer into a slice .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  convert sql params to a pandas pandas .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  value   convert
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a given integer to an integer .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  given   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url domain of url => en .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of rate of operation requests on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   reply
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a local string from a dict of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the cli .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named user from this system cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lits network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that you can add a single file from an unknown metadata .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  instantiate   query
truth:  test   test

test:  fill useless values of input variables .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the index for the interface .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  content   models
truth:  function   function

test:  returns first change modules using a minimum different path .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get complex path from a complex .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin data passed in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  encode a given token with the given algorithm of salt token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  check if a specified package is installed cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  if   wrap
truth:  delete   a

test:  check the list of files or directory .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  check   exception
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a list of test modules with the provided name .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  build   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  convert a string to the commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build a new instance of name .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  build   a
truth:  run   a

test:  serialize a atomic for the given type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  mark that log parameters logbase : array of points .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  updates the tool shed .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  issue   entry
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a field file from a zipping instance and return the taxon .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a backup metadata for create_vm block device .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks term with square .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches all the next message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve the info of a boolean parameter .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the base64 tag with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  complete a new file in a revision .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames definitions from given user to display authority notification with choice .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  rename   rename

test:  create a simple private host .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  create   variable
truth:  bind   bind

test:  return multiple index definitions from base .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  =   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  true if all methods may have a class check .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a test reporting .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  show   tests
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a new role that creates a config role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  if the vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  actually edit between files and sections .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns path to the device .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  return   a

test:  clear the name that includes a module and exists .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create a docker snapshot in a kernel .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   endpoint
truth:  build   build

test:  for a bug .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return additional requests based on given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   parser
truth:  return   return

test:  set the state of the state of many filter modules .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  ensure that mixed-state are on the current file system .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a string into a boolean .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  returns   validation

test:  returns whether the parameter passed in the format .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a value for printing the command line parameters .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  dumps   function
truth:  explode   null

test:  set the name of the managed servers after an servers is before the given servers after the managed server .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  flip   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parses the regular expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a table in //-comments .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  read   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set all the keys of a list of clusters .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  set   get
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  regression test for unicode things with docstrings - the unicode flag .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  half a corner onto padding corner form .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  given   null

test:  create a between the model verbose -> value .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  create   binary
truth:  return   a

test:  parses an entry in a dict .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  evaluate   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests parsing second elements from a string markup .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   self

test:  a function that does lock = lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  grants   runs
truth:  time   time

test:  adds a timezone to a repository .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email using confirmation email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the path path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the cuda mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  strips input from string to boolean .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  strips   images
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  get   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates qubit matrix from an bipartite matrix given as list of e .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  style dataurl parameters .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  expected   class
truth:  return   a

test:  generates one random length of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  read a single des implementation in the database .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  sets   information
truth:  is   null

test:  parse the environment variables for an xml file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  parse   root
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find removed files corresponding to a node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  disable   files
truth:  to   null

test:  get the start .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   date

test:  get list of '-----' connected to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  merge   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  look for a directory named root .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  gets the last last base of the sources with its actual code .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  gets   download
truth:  run   run

test:  calculate the node for the given node using the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  calculate   encoder
truth:  like   node

test:  render the topic filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  render   handler
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  configure the system command .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  guess   valueerror
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that argument passed in string are not 1 .
truth: like zip . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  find the resource in a s3 file .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates a file size from a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  filter out the files from a directory .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the name of the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator that checks if arrays are all values in any data .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for use this test to see if there is no ftperrorsif .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string describing an argument as unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   null
truth:  object   object

test:  get a metric for a specific metric .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to ignore keywords for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  show all the names of a hidden aws dict .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  show   comments
truth:  filter   a

test:  return the training data as a tuple containing the training data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load only one tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  compares   compute
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test interpolation for d validation .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up a logfile .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  convert an object to a time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   completion
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  helper function to get the top images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a private key from file system .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return status cli example: .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  update all weekly vote .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   streams
truth:  keep   null

test:  never wrapper .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse am http response from http response value .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  filediff/interfilediff object memberships from given path .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path for the current path .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: jpeg send the event results .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a human readable string to human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  writes   float
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare a chisquare distribution function .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  calculates   handles
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper to print the current set of lxml if any .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  to   set
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generates the numpy numpy scalars of two points such that numpy scalars .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a new dictionary that can be added to the device .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  finds that the python directory if it a package exists .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing virtual machine if its spawning .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   clones

test:  stop a service .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a collection editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect a socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  processes name .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  name   a
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a workflow object .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that runtimeerror .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  makes a dictionary of items from a dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a binary tag to a binary representation .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this should be called only be done for modules .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  delete   shutdown
truth:  check   check

test:  returns schema index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   xml
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for choke file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that you can add visible categories to make sure the plugin field of each test .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   a
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy an shutil shutil from a destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logs all _ errors that need to differ .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove specified extension from module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  files   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse networks based on network .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  given   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  update a editor editor .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  update   info
truth:  called   null

test:  simple key with the ensemble data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  get the status of a vpn .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   current

test:  perform a line of the length line of the given line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  select   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this module version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that has a get and an http request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  convert the given source file into a standard source and cache the message .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the points with points inside the points .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract loop from the y .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   kill
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  set the logger handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  concatenate checker on current dir in the following fields .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pull   return
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a dictionary of key/value connection connection .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   check
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  output   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  create a eq key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if user is resolved or verbose_name_plural .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability of nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext with the plaintext ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   calculate
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   iterator
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a copy of the current device names .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property set of a given video set .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  set and update a fractions required by default socket .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  handle   errors
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  format the code for a code and associate it .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  for more than operator .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  return a boolean if we can generate an unfulfilled key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the facebook of the user to/from exists .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage dirty .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current application .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert the ldap q list of f into a string .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  convert   cache
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  call the given function into a module .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  call   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  build a private account for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  dataset   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the polygon from a named graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  given a web method name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  given   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield data from a file object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  random random string .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  validate rgb of input shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   shape

test:  list order order .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  view   apply
truth:  to   null

test:  send an submitted message .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   maximum
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a soap enveloped tree from saml tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  clean up the application .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  validates   runs
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  registers a user to override web server .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  determine whether a sequence has duplicate elements .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  determine   number
truth:  count   count

test:  returns vector points at coords of the specified points .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  return true if the request is a request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  to   cotangent
truth:  null   helper

test:  filters all items in input metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  return   return

test:  return the optional oslo_messaging version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate random output files into one file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   gcode
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formats a list of tuples representing the appropriate limit .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a explicit role .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  to   link
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  listen for the duration .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails check if its build steps has builds enabled .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   fingerprint
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the name of the package for the user .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like six .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks if we can talk to a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  queues   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets the default collections for a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the pilight sensor .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with the /api/ release .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return a python module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the time spent time zone .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for registering an authentication class .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  constructs a single resource from the list of instances .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  log   history

test:  change the rgb values from hex color values .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  change   a

test:  creates a compiler compiler compiler from name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  need an expression with an exception that dont choke up string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  need   build
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check a list interprets interprets error .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element with time it will be an element with the desired time left required .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the regex .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  called   create
truth:  null   method

test:  create an tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over the abi file handle formatted records from a nexml record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  takes a string of numbers .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  test   test

test:  converts lists to an object .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  given a path to the default cxvpy file .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional version of html .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  null   object
truth:  to   null

test:  quotes a string for use in a url .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  null   something

test:  takes a validator validator and asserts that the decorated error is errors correctly .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  adapt   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  given a string of a given diff .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  given   utc
truth:  return   return

test:  create or parents or parents .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contourf feature and labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   image

test:  displays the current user .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  function/method return the network device with a string or unicode string .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  like   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test if distances work .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  removes the given text from the paragraph text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert strings to a document protected by unicode_string .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add the verbose .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   chocolatey
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  dummy area of host .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  to   fill
truth:  correct   correct

test:  load all the notebook resources with the current instance .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  load   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  import a logger .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  import   access
truth:  if   checks

test:  given a model model label .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that a particular template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  make   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules output level .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  makes   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compute the conditions of function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  ensure valid services corresponding to tenant class .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  ensure   use
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns conversion of currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  converts   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  given a job .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a repository in a reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   reference
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   query
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions to find the translation object in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   permissions

test:  whether or not a folder starts with a file if possible .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  interpret a string or a start header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return array like arr .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update the name of a node .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  update   accept
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for the application .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  all active widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  replaces redundant whitespace inside quoted .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  replaces   unicode
truth:  remove   remove

test:  should use the vm to avoid line feeds .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  bind   system
truth:  setup   argument

test:  check whether a string is a valid identifier or not .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  get the textual child of a node by the path .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  get   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to convert access time string to error .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  to   standard
truth:  signal   signal

test:  error handler for subprocess .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  null   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports adds support for the resource .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator for fully crash view if the user is authorized .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts a path with each component in path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex color between the input string color form .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  null   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the default partition values .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  send an polygon .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   function
truth:  email   email

test:  word the string to return a string of that currently visible by a single space .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the repo from a specified repo name .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  svn   warnings
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert key .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return intersection of the bipartite graph n .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of an existing document .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursive function to setup gradient/jacobian calls .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert a letter from a dictionary to xml output .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  convert   a

test:  setting and the rows score .
truth: train model . 
test:  set   null
truth:  model   model

test:  asynchronously enumerate domains available to a service object .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   a

test:  send a message .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  performs n_steps providing an array with the given values .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   uses
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   result
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list of tensors .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  joins   a

test:  wrapper around *url* that checks if the given code should be followed by default .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  null   check
truth:  code   code

test:  common weighted from partial name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  test that table column names of original columns in the primary column names and the correct column type is not found .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the generator specific info .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  yields   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements that can be used to call this function .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the context dictionary is called on a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  context   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write data from a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple login handler that returns the html of the given genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test flow that sends failed and worker .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  check whether a value is an integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a fresh instances of the given user count count count count of the given user .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file or a path to the index class .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  helper to ensure hookrecorder function .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  to   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate the value of a function .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   c
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a long .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   null

test:  force s to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  force   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data for a usable data to the tcpip tcpip .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   maximum
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   filter
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the egg that is inside operating that need to find the dist .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  a helper to create a bundleadaptors instance of vehicle/create .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a return if a b are both the same .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt an undirected or a string of a data .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  parse a processor .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   bytes
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the file can be created correctly .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish show ip metric .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract the command from a list of command names .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  match   match

test:  upload whatever to another file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  -   -

test:  make sure report report raises invalid labels .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   part
truth:  to   helper

test:  only load if l{clientfromstring} is installed .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  null   new
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to get a trace .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  set unique stable for each file .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  adds   setup
truth:  null   null

test:  call this function replaces the user string .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  function   null
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two indices of indices from indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   output
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  to   existance
truth:  download   download

test:  return the new contributor dashboard for the given contributor table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  return   render
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the range of the points above the range is preserved by bug .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  null   permutations

test:  retrieve the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize two elements of a given residual matrix .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  vectorized   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  creates a new functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge records from the jobs tables .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  purge   records
truth:  called   in

test:  decorator factory to create and applies attribute node for a given object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  compute   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return a list of all activities about the user and users .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the following: - converts newlines to a line - converts newlines before and trailing whitespace .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and errors in errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process if pid is met .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  register   a

test:  return a transaction object to the request .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   system
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if the accept header is the accept header and returns a list of supported by the accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   accept
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for the given module and url .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts http :class:~datetime .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the vector n bytes in an smoothness smoothness .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  processing   a
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of d .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an trust one .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  validate that a particular dependencies have no longer than it is in the installed_apps setting .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert check files allows you to jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the triangles of a salt:// has a given url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop on a saturday string .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list the data for _tostan arguments using a single argument .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  check whether a quota request is valid for refresh and expects .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns all variables within repeatedly inputs .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  updates recording configuration changes for the specified memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  sending   ony
truth:  start   recording

test:  parse several objects .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new keypair keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the base coefficient for numpy array .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  returns a tuple of a string .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image types are used to determine image with block will determine where the kernel will reside will determine the image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of all available kernel file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  ask   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creation creation of a draft with the user can complete .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  utility function to wrap a statements specification over policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  to   maximum
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that an object is a valid type and return the type .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a variable adding a given string to a list of components .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  request check of the ows -- gets present .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  runs the brick in brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  ensure that a directory created does not exist .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  ensure   find
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  ways a file by url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  checks   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a signal map for the default signal number of target .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   parameters
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ssh command and run a given remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  get   run
truth:  command   command

test:  determine the first two strings of the gcd .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode type path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  bytes   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an object .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  get the size of a byte string with identical bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the internal mapping for a given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble array .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the closing of two radon output .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list all of the executable or in this system .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get proper application from the next clusters notfound error class .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  get   install
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing hashing .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  default   default

test:  get the instapush automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  set up the requested media sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  resolve an ip address on application cli example: .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extract events from the given url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure a user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot legend for a single large combination .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   seed
truth:  load   load

test:  get a list of attributes that start with the given name .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  import migration from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  generator for request segments that are in 0 .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   mpl
truth:  return   return

test:  get all manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  lists   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a data validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  has   null

test:  converts the modules helpful by hbase with extensions to the extensions log messages .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  trigger   kill
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an email by loading its {u'accept' .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  display   helper
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects vision in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  list   in
truth:  detects   logos

test:  is this a function with the same covariance as an array .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features between two strings .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  gets the sqlite fields of the object .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses plural cucumber-jvm in a python string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch creds on atexit object .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  detect the bindpw operator .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  detect   stop
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a path to default x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary directory by a given file or a specified location to its path .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  move   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  generate links to the given url provided for an existing dns .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a propget channel tal two page data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to format appropriate table metadata .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  return a list of sequences of two sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a dataframe or a subset of memory definitions .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   reverse
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   function
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a string to an array .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all tool shed metadata for a repository defined by the received name and owner .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the entries from the enabled device name the container name of the node that are enabled .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   a

test:  helper method for standard deviation with the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a xml string string with an html content .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the requested flavor .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   image
truth:  base   base

test:  decode a single socket of the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all visible tag or raise if it does not visible .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  queue threads requests .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   back
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a random string from list of versions of specified length type .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  called after the recipient of the desired event given by the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  when bower is not available .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  converts a string into a offset .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  make a valueerror .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  make   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification to rabbitmq-plugin the linux system .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  null   function
truth:  show   system

test:  link -> link .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   link

test:  creates a temporary directory that creates a temporary directory and set up .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get path from a graph or a node with the given path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add the data in srcpath file in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  upload the sentence to get product of a {field_index: .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  return helper: date .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point .
truth: the main function . 
test:  point   function
truth:  null   null

test:  stores the default tree view .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  makes a local dictionary out of the target .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reset the current csrf cookie .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  reset   in
truth:  changes   changes

test:  given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  filtered controller - used to dependency-check for access to just search_ac access permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  filtered   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function or its derivative .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  returns content to the current language .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate loss by corners with an 1988 step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to invoke the arguments from parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a template into the form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print client about client that have whitened strings .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns the key of an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the post kernel modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available python modules cli example: .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and install text .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   prints
truth:  create   create

test:  generates / end matrix s .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  generates   shuffles
truth:  splits   x

test:  convert data points to a destination unit unit unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper function to construct a sql mtime for receiving expected_paths .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a proxy for a model with a given name .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the given entry from the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  context manager to temporarily change path from the module .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  context   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  change owner name to the default code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  change   merge
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to wsgi resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  loads the pathname .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts the given datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  description: gcd of n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for lazy lookup function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  utility to create a scalar function from a serializable function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   function
truth:  match   match

test:  return stats for executable .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  return   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of :[row_headers] tb tb .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports adds support for yulelogs requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with true with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  permanently generate the user and add it to a raster location .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  handle dimlist on py .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a host and in the virtual server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  creates   host
truth:  create   new

test:  convenience function to import and all the filesystem path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   import

test:  an formatting object .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  task for displaying displaying views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  iterate over an object .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  unpack   order
truth:  given   a

test:  create a pydot graph from a given iterator of arbitrary 'pydot parameters pydot : pydot one host string .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  request request .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  record that gets the first record .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from the given value .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  extract hierarchy of an object from a module .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  be   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  configure the correct token .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an data start in data starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign text with a lower line .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string representation of a column into its value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of logs and function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are using missing values we need
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the content of a file object .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  return a string of the sparse sample actions with sparse read .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console size for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the argparse line for determine package .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get endpoint intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  get   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of rtl for this minion cli example: .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  get all ips of the host at the given boundary .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last non-function of the thread that were run by the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  create ip address .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  url   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the languages for the given encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  a nice template name .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  null   command
truth:  use   in

test:  returns the schema schema .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  test   key
truth:  code   code

test:  return a string to the given filepath .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if url has a given url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  clear host of code that expects a sequence of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  code   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  parse the line of a character .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given event lock is a no-op lock .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  configuration once .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run contacting node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  called .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  called   dummy
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to that that can fire events that the returned object is *not* that the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconstruct id from asfortranarray .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   complex
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  sort a list of integers by their builtin kind .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a list of pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  please please use jailsconfiguration register data to additional default .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print and json for the given host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  output   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert values of the condition to an array or scalar .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  computes a tuple .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve user object of the provided user object .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this will safely remove the vary response from an httprequest and return the given request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  registered   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is this media player item .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  start a filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  check that a tree can be used as an html tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the signature signature listing .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse content from the clade .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  flags   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return if the first element is deprecated .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of the cuda driver .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  returns   none

test:  return a verification callable that makes sure that a user is stored in an entity with xsrf type_qualifier_list .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the full reference to the space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  return   return

test:  push the latest version of the distribution .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return a quoted version of the system path .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  return   triangle
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding preferred by the system preferred output messages' .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  to   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   function
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that 2-dimensional fit .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  matching   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  check that value is acceptable .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts a dictionarys key that looks like a course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   course
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that installing a package should be instantiated .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  issue   issue

test:  wrapper to the docker client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update pkgin package .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of optionparse users .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names in the given list of modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reduce the input a 5d vector for an input variable .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize primary mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks for escaping .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for datetime .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return whether we are running in the running tb .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the cumulative distribution function from a standard normal distribution .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  compute   project
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open the user on a specific user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  update   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  context   function
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet %} in django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return optimal .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  return   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers a specific set of all the frames .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated strings .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   custom
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps data type to statas types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses single character identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate the default location of additional variables .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this is the same subset of the list cache its matching the first argument .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return consecutive if inputs are found in the same credentials .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred encoding preferred to make locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  invalidates the local root root directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback message to the exploration of the given user_id .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the peers the local peers function from the local url the url the url should be managing .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate sequences with common elements .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a file of image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates an serial proxy for the given serial port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns our emails and a dictionary of emails .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if user has no attachment access to disallow .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a sparse matrix containing one row of the raw mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the libzmq .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules under the proxied test suite .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  running   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default name for this module .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate a dict of two terms .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to reset user by user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill loops as a loop list .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   quote
truth:  add   add

test:  decode 8bit utf-8 encoded string into utf-8 .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  convert an absolute path to a binary path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  resolve   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  this function sends all attachments started .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  this should be called when setting is using the custom known known known .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  test   get
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the remote repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  update   update

test:  delete hashed elected and timeout on the given zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  delete   pick
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest element obtained by all logging snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  scatter finished between input and weights .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language regions for the given language key .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from inset removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  get a channel .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to run valid datatable .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  function   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a the object from the last line .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  checks if the linux module is available .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  compares   work
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a dict of availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get paragraphs of a random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around single field from the site_query data .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  converts a space int to an excel object .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  set up javascript message in the given message .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   enforces
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates a module in the module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find the best totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  find   running
truth:  running   running

test:  tries to store the cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a task from the pool .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  module   module

test:  attempts to get a graph of opengl where it is installed .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that the database is done this function .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of urls that matches the given urls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  converts   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  take an iterable of dicts and returns a list of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   list
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return a string indicating that the error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an iterator over elements of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  named   equivalent
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for all configuration definitions .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generates   clone
truth:  generate   generate

test:  restful interface to a vm by the specified session .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   stop
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   testcase
truth:  using   registry

test:  save reduction .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  formats   legendre
truth:  clear   null

test:  update an existing file for akaike and setting using store= .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  update   test
truth:  create   a

test:  parameters iterable : int .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   generate
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parameters conv2d : array_like with the raw :py:class:str subset .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   spline

test:  make command line flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  builds a list of history from history items of styles or iterable of absorbed items .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str set to the windows python source file in
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status code cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   show

test:  return a version of pages used instead of some known tags .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated logs .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator for turn a module to the pastedeploy :term:view .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert path into a file system path with the correct name path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  replace skeinforge .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert from binary repr of the string into a python list .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  return a total total number of total objects into ready for seconds .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   object
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud string into one pricelabel .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   update
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a background command .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   set
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  show   properties

test:  check if the project has been run and require true .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  if   uses
truth:  run   a

test:  this function should support to support inbound and kwargs .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: scm uses/requires a build yaml: urls requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  list all registered '$tag classes .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  list   dict
truth:  point   point

test:  change multiple threads for certain db .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  if   a
truth:  slice   columns

test:  create a indentation index only used by non-empty filters .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tuple of existing projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a given path on cache .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for filters that is used to support the aws scope of an etree scope .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  construct   a

test:  the takes a string has a environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  installs   script
truth:  supply   null

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  all directly files to mode and return a list of all directly in the files we can be found .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  packs   set
truth:  call   call

test:  try to find the compiler copy of rubies with shared defaultdict .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  to   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the unicode content .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a repository .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  return   download
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that all installed index in the remote device .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  verify   copy
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  function   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a http header into native http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute the exponential hypothesis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  compute   maximum
truth:  computes   null

test:  update the dig et block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  bounds the first response of a matrix .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  generate   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a decorator that adds html indicating html tests .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  display a list of all pages .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  send validity with a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  plots   function
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  tests whether obj is a container object .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   test

test:  helper function for probability of an n-dimensional array of legendre clear .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all special characters that single character .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  attempts to retrieve the given object from the string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a ~astropy descriptor to a datasource .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a string to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return the 'sqrtn' distribution of the order of a 'sqrtn' .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  round the timestamp provided by a time .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  float   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete a single status of signin .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the output of verbosity must show a successful table accounts .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test whether shape of the first data cases .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the major version from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the information about an xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   in
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a real matrix to a mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  check if path is an instance of os x .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a and b are in the flattened version .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   comparison

test:  return the full times .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is met .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   return
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the given operator and reattempt the removal .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a random page for template titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  loads the context dict should be module .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  loads   dispatch
truth:  null   image

test:  convert between strings or strings to float with colorized .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parses a root operator into a theano item .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return whether the python installation supported by the name is configured .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack any data structures from the out_file: config files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   find
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given vm with or partial machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  instantiate all the application bindings .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the match match the lists of a dictionary .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   a

test:  walk the given zip file to the given filename .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  walk   completion
truth:  compress   null

test:  test designed to be used when timer tests the object path path to the child python module is in this module .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of grouped data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the lowercase .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  decide   null

test:  constructs a user for using basic basic id and exploration .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for certain style version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   test

test:  format exception with kargs alarm : string name of the key .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  marks   string
truth:  function   function

test:  context manager to stores the context variables .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  context   settings
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using res['nfev'] algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  returns a string representing the bundle namespaces in xml set kick .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  controls   controls

test:  add barycentric command line arguments should also have the default value .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  null   add
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a public exploration ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a create event loop .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves first partial order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install a setuptools setuptools on all commands cli example: .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  install   python
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  same as a zip matrix note: the arrays each row of its index a and a : int .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  scans a one-time index file in a transactions graph .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  suggest   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generate the unique function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if volume has enabled its enabled .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall a ruby implementation from gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a list of lists to a list .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  evaluate lines in the first word of the given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a new computenode and populates the values on the values dictionary with many values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of source commands for logging use in a directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns utf-8 representation of utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a phone number for the specified region and the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return hot 0/1 .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp path to a pid or conf .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  remove lines from the beginning of the given logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  remove   equality
truth:  null   a

test:  product of the smallest elements .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  is   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts an ip address from an ip address to its classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert conversion from utc 8601 containing html flag .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  parses the quota report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  report   report

test:  write the that float float at init .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  writing   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin allows you to capture code coverage builders from build .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   campfire
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the string has at least the specified scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test setting numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts the path name to a path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the tag to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  set step of a log in the log represented by log .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  step   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a reasonable partition of a file .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add two numbers .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   gear
truth:  add   add

test:  simple installable of namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   rules
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  execute queries over sql query and return parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy parser to parser specified by loading the command line and parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  specified   date
truth:  persist   parser

test:  removes all extension .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that the list of files in the given subdirectory .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  constructs a configuration from a string .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  get   a

test:  change folder if found .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  set   command
truth:  open   svg

test:  unpack the escape' chunks from a file-like object until a generator is created .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  compute   method
truth:  null   method

test:  an internal node that runs the node .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add combined output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get a com object for the given interface .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  writes a certificate to a certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket that env .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the cmake of the tar source code .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  widen   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- gets the users with the nick .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  loved   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test efficient utilities function .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  get a list of known to the users crontab and how to change the users crontab file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which produces a function or method if unittest doesnt already exist .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply the python files in the directory path .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  pairs   os
truth:  iterate   null

test:  reads the logger configuration variables .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  allow   configuration
truth:  have   null

test:  create a python widget starting with a cas pyrsistent .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  create   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assembles a hash .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  implements   generic

test:  registers the nochildrenunder .
truth: validate children . 
test:  to   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  run windows .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  sets   point
truth:  create   create

test:  return path to the patch file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster image of the image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a 64 callback of all 64 violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  make   options
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  dummy function for translation .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper for handling get requests .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the archivable object and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot be loaded outside a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a bitmap .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  given   mean
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  given a list of bytes .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  python cookiecutter cookiecutter :math:varphi(x) = online :math:varphi(x) = online memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  setup   routine
truth:  null   memory

test:  load configuration imports .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  load   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set held connection information cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get instance backend for given sm backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  calls a volume based on dns parameters .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  allow view with views and access to specified applications .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if the given user is a valid html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  like   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   return
truth:  create   database

test:  return a list of all installed ['get' the current versions of the given version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  compute the distributions for the ranksums filter such that memoize in k[x] .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is a valid path .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates an documentation header for each section in the given section .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   links
truth:  annotate   a

test:  update the status of an exam summary in the section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  update   add
truth:  add   in

test:  quote a single line .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  leading   quote
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  usesvd extractor from a 1w3d6h .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  makes unique xs for all variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add a notebook cell to the notebook cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous user details of the collections and user_obj values .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates a imports aes code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix module identifier .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replace   division

test:  sets default event on a single event id .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   users
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory dirlist if 1) is not in dirlist 2) .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  move   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify a container identified by name container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  float   container
truth:  get   container

test:  check if the good component exists for this minion cli example: .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  if   uuid
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compares the specified author with the specified author and the optional author .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if timestamp are nat .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  fetch a url string from xml .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  fetch   |safe
truth:  construct   null

test:  smash filesystem cwd the tmp path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  single transaction add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a dict containing a prepopulated fields for a prepopulated form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   array
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  check that all errors in the given list of errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  check   run
truth:  pass   pass

test:  transpose --> a symmetric matrix .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if path has no threading .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json json or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   set
truth:  try   try

test:  return the rsa useful to compute the rsa integer n in the format .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return the content .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  gcd: -> en return true if a and y are present in enough .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify calling lookup of an old-style old-style by the new old-style .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long version of the long description .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  test whether a given kernel is loaded .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  test   ping
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register multiple definitions .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  fetches the minion error message for use with embedded .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  closes   null

test:  define a logger and signed logger .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  define   calling
truth:  registers   a

test:  assert that asserting a string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a query string to a list .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   table
truth:  query   query

test:  removes the old milestone associated with a prerequisite milestone with the old milestone of a course_key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the encoding used by default .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts all exceptions from an exception object .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   tag
truth:  read   read

test:  forces a list of property elements of an unsorted base .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  endpoint   individual
truth:  need   need

test:  display and return an httpresponse specific parameters: .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  display   view
truth:  render   a

test:  run commands on a pretty user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a query - intended for log view .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   appends
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy but not specified target but force was not specified .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username and return a valid string containing a boolean value .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert a few obj to emphasizing obj parameters x0 .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check every namespaces namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  makes   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local object .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to rename a dir .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  source   source

test:  return float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  value   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the tracks version without live version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  to   attempts

test:  make request to standard error handler .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  make   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where empty strings were empty strings were empty strings on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a query string to html .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  append   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  checks the specified channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get a python token for a python fold .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the details object instance based on the vm object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  configure the exception decorator .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a number of ascii characters in python 2 .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get requests view from pci **parameters**: requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  get   get
truth:  complete   generate

test:  extract a sibling file into given directory and return the contents of the file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  extract   uuid
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return inputted between 2 integers from a fits distribution .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  change change version to the users version of a callable for a specified repository version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  change   context
truth:  context   context

test:  clean up everything under root and fail if any file has a folder .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  redirect to a next api .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new collection of models .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  helper function to get the metadata of a collection of metadata .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prepare the given category with the given value .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  xml   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  simple suitable information from the node object .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  null   api
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an http code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  remove the task .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  remove   build
truth:  build   html

test:  takes a start start rgb data .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  function   function
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle the dictionary .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  decorate   exception
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the bytes file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  find   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  set the compiler compiler of an object using the default compiler class .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  set   compile
truth:  null   inject

test:  return the cms setting of an object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the list of regions in a country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a python related path at once .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   yaml
truth:  function   function

test:  do this endpoint .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return a list of info from freebsd or from freebsd .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search a list of results for a given target dict .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generates a random letter id with the same length as choices .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a string of query strings into an http query strings .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the exploration model objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for compatible with permission fields .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  loads   python
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the value of the assocs content .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  build   a

test:  return the dictionary with the keys for a particular layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given src src .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from authentication .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  equation of 1d coefficients .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  default mysql command .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  look   in

test:  build a single row date into a dict .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast gets string correctly .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the skeleton of a kaiser kaiser of 0 .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  tries to decode a file directly .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if a file index contains true .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate method name from a scope string .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  cast strings to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  if   null

test:  api endpoint .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  request   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  this is called after the quota system .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by cpu calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any string to be used within the response .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  string   string

test:  rename that file if staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require english project0 .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  run a django thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a response data into a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get path for svn non-empty non-empty non-empty .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  this makes a treefragment .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  to   logarithm
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis relation for discrete distribution parameters x : array_like tensor or matrix | distributions .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  to   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   identification

test:  prompt and return true if interactive computations is critical .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   lookup
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests a random image must be a valid template_name node .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a package namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if its url belongs to url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if prefs package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test should not import of the import import import .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of markdown extensions that are currently markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the extension .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a simple view that expects a template via the entire context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  calculate average step using relaxed and the same length as values .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a hash for __init__ .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if user has permission to the media creator .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns an integer minimal test cases to load balancer folder .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  show all console lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   handler
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the initial process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute data .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compute   io
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  stop all fatal values from the supplied stack .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  -   docstring
truth:  to   method

test:  run metrics under sentence-like tool .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   powers
truth:  run   run

test:  updates the set of token_to_textobject and networking fields with a computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears the given child node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  compute pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return the musicbrainz key for the current buffer or none if no effect is found .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up elastic plugin platform .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  set   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return synonyms status cli example: .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  construct list- information for the passed input .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  sends   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  function   form
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  get the 'afloatisrequired' .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure we can reverse the given path and all workflow .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  use the library as string from the given extra_model_fields .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  update the rc to the latest objects .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  update   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  split the directory into a crud file system leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  recursively copy a list of users .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  required   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   decorator
truth:  stop   a

test:  adds an entity date to the dictionary with the given dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  model   model

test:  store data op available data cache .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  list   get
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns subresultant types .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given patch on the given api cli example: .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the lines with python source lines from a search version string .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   line
truth:  get   get

test:  updates an existing container cli example: .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  function   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  track track cli example: .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash for the uploaded hash .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  upload   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the line of a source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  list the words in a given word .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the dockerio module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  accepts an html file .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts the domain name and returns answer .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement tag tag field .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  implement   check
truth:  call   call

test:  test for the model __init__ at the locations of the model args .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the list of expected headers is not a nice dict .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   function
truth:  default   builder

test:  test "inst" of involving .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a set of functions to be decorated at passes .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  true if a given node pattern is a valid retrieved pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  match   a

test:  test some small image can be a hello' xxx .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined results for command execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  create an image from a adaptive image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random ascii string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a fake data .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  create   files
truth:  parses   parses

test:  clean up text between all bytes in hex form .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator that makes the elements of a type object .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the disco cs[i] between samples in x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a string representation of text by name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new additional parameters .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a single inventory class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  create configuration from a site and a site configuration .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   custom

test:  replace special characters with some quote .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   unescape
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge *dicts dictionaries by adding new data store .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  parse 011 source b into dummy entries that are not a mysql mapping back into the header .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide two strings so that it is called internally .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points check are parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger type type in the db given by db key .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial instance on a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace the site-wide .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a raw entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the application is running .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  ensure   seconds
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   null
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the default filename that is used for logging whose th .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the stacks tls connection with the given trust and component a dictionary .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  create   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to the grains globally the proxied device that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate limit to the many axes space .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  execute the command line interface via main .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  callback   point
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the the the the the the given axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the minimum number of minimum tmux .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  place an exception under migration control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list all available languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set numba value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  renders a video template for the html generated object .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all groups belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and ratio support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create a group reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a rp instance .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the name of the jinja template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  get rid of the grant url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse parse lines out of lines .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   documentation
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create command copy .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  initialize   run
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to verify that snapshots fits to 1 .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   get
truth:  analyze   a

test:  step step .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  step   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the jupyter information for this python version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uninstall should support .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   steps
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  decides a list of variables along the given axis .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  access   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the pid of a process with a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test where we can remove numpy output and we can remove log output .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ defaults with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required : int or in the text of environ t required for wsgi purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert init object from a matrix by adding row to each row .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform any .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  if a backend name is not a test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that hugs nullable types works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  import credentials by the module .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that creates a file that atomically updates the tempfile .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  open   temporary

test:  loads a file from an ssh model .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   a

test:  converts the given tree to the given tree or string .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the matching text .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  lists all options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  build non-whitespace config file for overlaid keywords tool .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   build
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return a table of name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  return   return
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper around echo utility .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a line of text from a line .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  lists   reverse
truth:  read   a

test:  set parsed config for the given site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  set   pipeline
truth:  help   help

test:  check the zmq curve version .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  check   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a string or is an object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  mill a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot time summary of the current time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  helper that validates pooling for the back or x .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  locate   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns true if two strings are identical .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  tuple   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran of the order sum of a matrix .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  compute   norm

test:  helper function to find the parent of a resource in the none .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function to parse markdown data .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  function   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves an order order differential equation with separable coefficients using the method differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  respond to errors .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  sends   iterator
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if filename is a base file or not .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  this pops the networks associated with host-block-list needed for a given course .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  read generated page for page .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  lists   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  select an error message .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  select   function
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  utility function that returns the grammar of a string .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse summary of the partition expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  function   work
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new knowledge form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the number of tasks that are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  get   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  return path .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse date argument .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  email   a
truth:  if   check

test:  constant_expression_opt : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  x: gradient of gradients .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   score
truth:  null   gradient

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  return accept links to display links to footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete transaction with clause .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  update   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences exception during with the given stderr .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   exit
truth:  context   context

test:  set order amount of order amount status .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  set   termination
truth:  place   place

test:  collect all installed files of tcl if tcl external tcl .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test column group groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a string .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   resource
truth:  email   email

test:  run the data in a calendar file .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  simple function .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  shortcut to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  we need to set mission from the mission .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  null   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call the args and kwargs by given args .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove the var .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  load   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a new password fs is needed in the base of the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain a network device saved from the specified name .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  use   a
truth:  read   in

test:  load a plugin plugin associated with a given plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  set   set

test:  this compiles all windows classes of the pki powershell module installed via the user and only supports it .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  work   check
truth:  load   load

test:  convert past snapshots to a given volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  convert   filesystem
truth:  copy   contents

test:  windowview: set or get the alias of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   new
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a tensor from a list of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  blocks   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sailthru a new user in sailthru create if sailthru is not created .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  null   install
truth:  list   list

test:  replace the database connection .
truth: create the database . 
test:  reads   drop
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the robust endpoint of an grayscale function .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  the backwards will fail if missing .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether or not an key was previously set by lists .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send post instances .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air-by-date format .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  utility function to format all the name from a docker name .
truth: if present . 
test:  constructs   find
truth:  present   null

test:  returns the path of the domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object directly from object server on object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  save   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list currently configured groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  null   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in a prefix .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  given an ordered dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  turn   unpack
truth:  traverse   null

test:  return the document for a discussion art .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  print stacks but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  function   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  creates a trophytype subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  if the given user can permission .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   document
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  create a getter property with a cascading property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a backend that creates a backend .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful handler for course codes .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  returns   json

test:  separate the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  callback   djangos
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  dispatch a message .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper of thread-local .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   instances
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  in choices .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   return
truth:  mangle   a

test:  saves the random document to a file .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  handle singleaddress .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the file or text .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the elemwise input along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  set up validation function exactly once .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  show a warning to write warnings if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns the value of the db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  takes a single client .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  like   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get the flasks class for a given instructortask instance .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   state

test:  rgb an integral of the first folder .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the templates directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new reference to the same module names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus console interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  filter context from a tuple .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  context   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove terms with newline from f in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  remove   terms
truth:  add   add

test:  this function can be called from |_marker| .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set the l2 callback for a against: instance .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find the namespace with inconsistent of the given node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  display the pagination of created users .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a number to an integer .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  to   a
truth:  round   a

test:  used to mark a function or method as an extension .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  makes   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  marks occurrences of pattern in given string by given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  to   re
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data in a response file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install the virtual revision in a virtual environment .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  install   install

test:  calculate the input for log-values as input distribution .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  calculate   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return an standard list of directories needed for directories .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls log() on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture to mark a blob with the given snippets string .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task for sending a task to the container .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the value of a and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from invalid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined -> sucess output .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  get the points from the pixel list table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  get   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function to return a numpy array .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  used   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server description string from an endpoint description .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  update the argument spec for working spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  extend   parameters
truth:  creates   null

test:  checks if the given glob expression matches the given glob pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  send urls to message about a url .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  send   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  this is meant to be used for all the default resource class .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test cloning bundle method .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  setup   calling
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   date

test:  set some headers in the response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a dict of the string to be used for modules to use in a dict .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  null   stats
truth:  sign   sign

test:  initialize modified .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   null

test:  converts a homogeneous xml library to a string .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  translate   translate

test:  see url .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  debugging   certificate
truth:  function   function

test:  parse yaml yaml document in a stream and produce scanning events .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  scan   a

test:  test for service .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  test   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  threshold   score
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key return a context variable which leaves if it is marked as apps/dashboard/ranges .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return string representing items in values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  string   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the standard deviation .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   plotting
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check to see if socket is supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  to   default
truth:  check   check

test:  called before an existing user .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  called   group
truth:  bench   bench

test:  clones a valid hosts and unicode(e) it to the user logs .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  scans   create
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all csv registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  internal helper to flag a module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   get
truth:  registers   a

test:  wrapper for a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  to   count
truth:  calculates   null

test:  finds and returns the version which need to be used .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  finds   git
truth:  get   current

test:  return numpy array .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  return   return

test:  display display data for commandline page with given page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   info

test:  random string with spaces .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  gets the queue object from the specified item .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  string-to-key a given password with password hash according to the given password hash .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a integer .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  convert   a

test:  display information about a list of known oauth oauth api .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  open   a
truth:  register   register

test:  wrapper to convert binary mapping from binary coordinates to binary format .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return t independent samples of the short-time operator .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over a mode that make debugging .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns the cli: .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve retrieve .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  given   data
truth:  return   return

test:  converts arrays to an outer-product on the specified node .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  migrate   numeric
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the specified content key from the cursor table .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for /var/lib/lxc .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  point   command
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a skeiniso file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   file
truth:  file   file

test:  load bem text to bem parameters subject : ndarray .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  url   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  adds additional directories and returns the result .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the requested domain .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct an object by type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that we only sends an inspection framework class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy graph for collection .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach json userstory to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute shortest path lengths between source and predecessors .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   nodes
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a template .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  given   set
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   flavor
truth:  save   properties

test:  helper function for the temporary complex flow .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the command history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   command
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert a string to hex encoded string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  set   run
truth:  work   work

test:  start newlines to master and forward them to master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  start   server
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle the cache entirely for the specified original exception .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  if   null

test:  stop everything .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stops   current

test:  call a scalar for a scalar .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has more than one feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  get the schemes header object .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code language in the given locale .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  inserts a histogram matching labels .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  makes   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create mlp with multiple tensor variances based on theano layer .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  create   list
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap code in a sequence of code .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   like
truth:  format   a

test:  test upload of pypi .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  test   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  login an existing site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  delete   checks
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a plugindummy command used by interquartile .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a computer file exists in the pending computer .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  if   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a tab message structure for debugging .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  null   a

test:  force text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure that over order over the right models .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from editable or absence .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the 2-tuple of index bucket to convert hex string to an index aware enum .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   images
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a valid datetime .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   user
truth:  given   a

test:  validate commands config values .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   remove
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree pattern which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  make sure that any of the markup are present .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose an exponential polynomial .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  function   polynomials
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read image sequence of property pairs from file and return their 64-bit pairs .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  run   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control on a node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  adds the incomplete mean .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a dictionary to one many value .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of available subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the given path as a unicode string from the given list of the channel .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  get user credentials .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create a ccx of ccx locator field by default values dictionary .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  override   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   lists
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks if the pillar must be used .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts arc letters .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up logging for all the logging logging level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  use   use

test:  the the the current mode args: sandbox_name : the type of a train or hard to the type of a mode value .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  name   name

test:  convert a reference string to a course .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot execution .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  create a stub stub object .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  the number of leading zeros middle for left and corresponding outer substrings .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a api set of facebook updates to the subject generated by the template documentation .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test [1 label kinds to jedi the same shape if the larger matches the last two points .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  github   github

test:  returns a relative path of the specified image .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  build windows .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  context   updates
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the commands .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  deserialize   kernel
truth:  error   error

test:  try to disable a custom redirect query query query parameters history : datetime object the request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  read   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  convert different types to a slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  regression test for a module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - needed for searching for users .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a base64 encoded key for the transmit kind .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from words file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test remove_from_figure for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  release specified user or override api and other api .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  running   boolean
truth:  support   rm

test:  function that returns a list of information on a node .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  set color']for and 'fig .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  set   kill
truth:  select   null

test:  create a cookie object that uses the application or filled .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the number of multiple scalars for the known number of scalars .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  string containing a date .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  fake   email
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the continueos cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  summary of _ .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  yield calls x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  is   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  create a read-write memory entry at the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  create   path
truth:  return   return

test:  return a function useful for each dictionary in name return the first name for it .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return if we are a scalar .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this decorator is called before a task .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  if   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for inserting a stateconf .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write the output to the given source file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  get the mathjax script from a string .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a new editable version .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  copy an events time into a list of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  copy   callback
truth:  shift   shift

test:  update the link to update the url if there was changed .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  update   link
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  yields n elements in a sequence .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  constructs   returns
truth:  null   generator

test:  callback for fn .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that saves the current deployment filetype .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  used   null

test:  set the default group of the specific user user and set the specific group if the current specific group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  process   return
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts a string containing a boolean .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all and pull functions .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string in the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge tasks for an environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper method to pass the default module to the module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the user is allowed to have .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  null   users
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  fetch   hosts
truth:  get   a

test:  get the cache of a visual document .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string which can be used to perform the python version .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the given ca key that .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  read   null
truth:  get   get

test:  preprocess the default types of a particular exception .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create link link like source and its path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute n of matrix of length n parameters n : ndarray the number of nodes is a sequence of lagpolynomial in matrix a : int .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test various backsprite .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  get an http log request .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  get   json
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  import a module and all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return the arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  set disk ip address validity .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  invoke   return
truth:  translate   rest

test:  get s3 and s3 bucket from s3 and store them .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  to   function

test:  implement the specified question using the expected value .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  ask   user

test:  convert a checker string into high and integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the fake timezone from a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert instance .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  override levelname .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  detect   spam
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  remove a sequence of 4bit kwargs .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  a safe view that computes the respect to the examine of a type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  check that something to see if expr is true .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  insert   transpose
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  cast activations by gpu interface .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this should be called this module to defaults .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  makes   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate one random vector[i] of the size noise this is the same length by a random string .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  generate   new
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  merges rules according to the given statements and generate a separated collection of the given statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  rules   locale
truth:  generates   null

test:  copy common info about a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  go   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method func .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of gce for an image .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the configured events in trusted debugging .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   connect
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save the module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   state

test:  return a unit string length in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  runs the correlation function in the microsite_css_overrides_file thread .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of two urls .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username authenticate for an application .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   users
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last changeset changelog for the specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   attempts
truth:  convert   s3

test:  verifies that last command output contains log output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c types of u6s the typical types of two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  convenience function to help string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  process   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the table info in the qtable table is still copied from the table elements of the column .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   unicode
truth:  existing   replace

test:  adds new hash of company details of given start date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse the openid response of a json response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   tool
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named groups takes named groups as named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts unicode representation of the given expression for unicode examples .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  unicode   edit
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string which can be used to serialize the most recent hash object .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  is it a function with the function call through a test .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  accepts a valid ]['use .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a packet object to provided multicast server .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the rpc span .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  get   a
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the settings .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return an object that will be moved to the directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic imapfoldersyncstatus .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert given an integer into a multinomial filter .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a user .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a new cert in config .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return an expression over the highest basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  return   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  convert ipv4 address to its string representation .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  get absolute loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the tool has a database that has the same name .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  only decorator that raising the cart if the wrapper is enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  release a list of keywords that can be given to the given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove levels from the given child nodes .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  remove   nodes
truth:  given   a

test:  compute an rcode with the right zipimport algorithm .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  compute   keys
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function signature .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more item and return items cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an setting .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  input   data

test:  drop the arguments of a multiplicative_expression field .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  makes sure the users package is present .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a factory to run a single reference argument .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return a list of tuples from the given target .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  read   get
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that returns an empty response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   a

test:  provide object specifications of base64 .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  requests   object
truth:  given   null

test:  potential energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  recursively copies complex .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the iban signal number of iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the lock lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  adds items from one single string to xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  combines   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  registers pairs from result to the result of a named vm .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  registers   calling
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  n319 a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   values

test:  this controller controller .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get the location of the main theme combination .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  default   default

test:  drops the database over a database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  drops   update
truth:  if   null

test:  list the specified vms cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   return
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  compatibility wrapper for http2time .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  select   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the value of the message .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each file that should be deleted on path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a value of variable needs to be rebooted .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  if   null

test:  sets data in clipboard mode .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks a list of validity .
truth: check slug . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  reverse is a helper function .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  format   return
truth:  project   project

test:  concurrently compute corresponding to the latest window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge multiple software values into a single set of option .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure the parent of fks in the parent chain is the same length .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   handle
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date for a given date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   null
truth:  guess   guess

test:  just change obj for obj .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a key/value pairs .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   whitespace
truth:  null   rest

test:  this function checks increasing or setup for a increasing api .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of users on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its android player .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  this page lists of a page with the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  view   handler
truth:  null   page

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to variance ) .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the statement[ value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the given data .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  exit current image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  remove   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  turn   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check to see if rescoring is an entrance exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  tests if its recorded handler .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look for an xml tree object from comparison .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to boolean if unary is binary .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  to   get
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute trace of the corner "n "n .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  compute   harris

test:  a member that turns a string to be automatically by print_hide .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  send the rest dns message .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  send   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if path is main .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url existing use of covariance tests .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks if the given server is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a inserted alias which will be created by the module cli example: .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test that relative to a requirements url po file storage .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus filtered by user .
truth: location view . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  view   view

test:  always send dry password on categories .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  listen   email
truth:  copied   null

test:  test we can stop extra data .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  to   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a buffer from a buffer .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the experiment matrix in list |items| if found .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  to   options
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show commands should be made .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  change versions of the corresponding filter .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  change   check
truth:  specify   a

test:  return a new transaction object .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  null   variant

test:  set score for the dumb usage usage usage in this module .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a valid topic that is small .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return the directory of the standard python platform in this format:: directory .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  set   directories
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the string values of path document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  compute   hack
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from volume .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  create a new aggregate with name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a extension for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  gets   filename
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the file:// file:// url of the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' adds support for 'goals' enter plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   sbt
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the controller for an application .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast the plugin configuration to the config value .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  parsing   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  converts the intersection of the form expression into a python expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  replace   split
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode objects passed into utf-8 encoded string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   convert
truth:  null   conversion

test:  produce a column expression .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  produce   git
truth:  check   check

test:  confirm that dual is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  confirm   tests
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the object is a sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enumerator_list : struct_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   student

test:  given an unrooted from a set of number of media-range .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix with a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require invalid arguments are not invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  require   access
truth:  function   function

test:  determine boxcox distribution for a given surface of transform .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  to   plot
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  calculate cell topology based on the given lists of requests .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  calculates   run
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for issue gist .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  comments are not similar to api-proxy .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  replaces to weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  null   function
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   encoding
truth:  decode   decode

test:  sets the host to use this graph .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns whether the requested request was supported from a request language code .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if a and b are anything in the same .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  generate a url level slash with relative slashes urls .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that the assertion information in the assertion .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  extend the last tree to be updated via this state .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  null   update
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify function that are compatible on an weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  helper function of the values: kind of m .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables in the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns list of all synonyms that should be found in this dir .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  finds a new collection number to the collection of users .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  upper summaries for 1:max_dim .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts an xml definition into a protobuf .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for skipping decorators .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  return originally input from openshift .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if it has no arguments .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a statusbar is found .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  label   null
truth:  make   null

test:  this lists all default headers that are not updates .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  default   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return a row to the current option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  ensure that the application will raise resourcedenied if the input .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  grab   inverse
truth:  files   files

test:  context manager that renders the context .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  context   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the logger used for a specific logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   logger
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a list of tuples .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return block information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   return

test:  return an argument to a function using args and contains one argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets sampling between a given model and print a chain of updates .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  calculates polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  unpause   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the first output line contains first output line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  return edges that are zero of the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  perform   a

test:  extract vowel of the pairs of the pairs .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the csv .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  see   numeric
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create the last library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app versions of the app or the version table .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default get matches the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   hook

test:  applies expression with sympy expression for leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  required   returns
truth:  split   expression

test:  if the user has not well access to an email address args: username: the request was made via the email address returns: none or none .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  check   view
truth:  password   password

test:  serial or remove 180 date from ['forcemerge' .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  override   override

test:  bump product for product in the parent project .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return if the cache option is enabled .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  do   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read a value multiple key in a file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to guess the json object from a dict .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  to   constructor
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the given tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to check that modules has missing / str .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  to   try
truth:  given   a

test:  apply affects affects modules using fcgi .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the request .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return line of lines for feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the geographic labels .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   size
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: gitlab-merge-request requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute subresultant distance between surface and surf .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   surface

test:  a paste check that overrides the application with paste .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  paste   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   decorator
truth:  log   a

test:  test adding tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  test   list
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  updates a mailchimp api with mailchimp packages .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is in the type type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  converts   items
truth:  null   items

test:  internal workflow to return an incomplete trying to locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the connection object to the connection device .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update a task for a given task .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds the users response to the invoice set .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  adds   copy
truth:  gets   null

test:  create logical backend for the given backend .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  are   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  fill a row of a field in qt line .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  if pprint is called successfully successfully .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a value to timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  return true if the given exclude is a valid abs on the given location .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  count count of components in a list of open files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  count   count
truth:  files   files

test:  get the fabmetheus plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  loads a lazy test for processing .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  loads   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  converts relative encoding to a native uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a generator of nodes in component of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  return a list of all templates in template root .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a multinomial distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults for specified quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   multiple
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a helper function to represent a dictionary of strings into a list of strings .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the target and sort between the target and sort the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  determine which deletes all migration values from a job .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  look   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  pool logging .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  null   logger
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create a new email using djangos email address .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  adds   checks
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the storage device .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return a mean of the mean .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   x

test:  wrap arguments so that the function unshares the sgroup .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete complete graph with the given name .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  port   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents of its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for swift uris between swift and unquoted images .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   otu
truth:  migrate   location

test:  strips surrounding loop beginning of the line and maintain output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers require all workers if they are available .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   in
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if this link is an instance of systemd .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate over the current reporter .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint for tristar output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  null   pprint

test:  group any article for a queryset .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  null   sitewide
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sleep until configuration has been created .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  executes   events
truth:  null   null

test:  install a vm vm on the vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  reboot   image
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the primary vdi that a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  raise error in response .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  error   error
truth:  to   method

test:  strips all html attributes from alphabetical html attributes .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  strips   return
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  call this token .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  we check here and defaults available .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  function   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  update rating on rating that was changed .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  config   update
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  configs   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if presence points in a angle with a unit 4-byte 4-byte .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure that ~/ is running and not found in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  null   test
truth:  call   call

test:  context manager for current file .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the maintenance .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a group topic message message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip decorated test unless the condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  handle   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the chapters tab by printing the chapters .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert ratio iosync analog input value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  an total command for tests .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  if   indexing
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available on the system .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a stream error message from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up running tests for that runs .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  move   environment
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source vectors .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a string mapping instructions config tuples into a list of entity names .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  callback   host
truth:  takes   a

test:  updates or disable a regex with cmd .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  updates   import
truth:  save   a

test:  return the number of seconds from a bluetooth tuple .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  converts link to a clean of potentially spaces .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save an image to disk requires some edges from the file .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using purging from a user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of lists for all scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  the same versions of a thumbnail and inspect the thumbnail .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  convert all ranges which filter: log node settings into the document .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  convert   generator
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a list of latest release tags from git release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a logrotate script from a logrotate script system application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  return all packages associated with given name .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  the sequence of functions and sort them .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad container with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add the given attributes to an existing dict of dicts .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  set   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert unit font coordinates to string .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   something
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  decorate a new wsgi app if the request contains one .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  get a user list of user groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite when run test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the data from the data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns whether the scope node is a current scope .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  abort a task to be passed to .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  undo   updates
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  upload   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add an existing property property to an existing class:: device .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return path to the directory that corresponds to the leading one .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   difference
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of flags an object has .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a generator yielding the records of a breadth-first b .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the specified command line authentication .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set eeg framework instances using eeg samples .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  set   find
truth:  create   create

test:  create a polygon and/or rotation matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  create   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a document .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract any c{int} that differ of {} .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  set epsilon setting for all epsilon to other epsilon .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  send raw templates associated with a text/plain api .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  to   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  decorate the extra or a list of visits' trees .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   logging
truth:  returns   a

test:  custom account for dashboard .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  request   get
truth:  get   a

test:  list '2001 data from legacy apps .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  list   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get a single random paragraphs with paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache of an entity string .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  adapt   change
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert to polar notation .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  to   a
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a cluster property cibfile name/path of a cluster cibfile than the live property cibfile name/path of the live cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  set   set

test:  create a user for sending user .
truth: keep user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  make 405 is compatible with each entry .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the directory containing the storage datastore .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   size
truth:  return   return

test:  get the info for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a network table that looks like dhcp table .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pillar options passed to use .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a base directory for dnf .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   process
truth:  given   null

test:  find the dll instance for an operation .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  it does upgrade if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  format the path separator .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the dayelse contributor counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse whether the given language are not the different words at the same language and return where this is not vulnerable and the user filesize string in pyramid language code
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  return   language

test:  set up the requested sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  patched wrapper for longest the whole handler .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a valid internet kind .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simply filter out context with role controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  filter   parameters
truth:  filtered   null

test:  converts the given file at name to the corresponding file .
truth: using os . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  using   os

test:  deprecated: module to support support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   a
truth:  support   support

test:  registers data for given intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generates all the aws axis classes from a fits axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the cookie for the current session .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  unpack -> value return the 106 106 .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  unpack   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the new sample sequence from get_platform() .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert json representation of a json file to a json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy data .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  log   int
truth:  null   keyword

test:  initialize and checks all modules below the console directory .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  list   list

test:  bulk bulk ip from the floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of slices .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  array   array

test:  gets the url for the current thread .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  tell   new
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the return the line whose th matches the joined between the last data .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   information
truth:  find   find

test:  creates single url information .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   build

test:  list all files in a list of directories .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the object has staff in the course wiki specific wiki list .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file path to a path specified as a directory .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup tellstick switches .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get last changeset changelog for the specified repository if its defined .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  makes the xml handler .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  makes   url
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all instances of an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns true or false depending on the values 0 .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the iterator that would be used .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model by inserting one parameter in dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  filters all nan for a webapp socket from a list of points .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  this function checks for extensions to send message to a content-disposition probability message .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  function   setup
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize string with spaces .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  reverse link to a list of number .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two regions of the files in a given notebook .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  format   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  update a network port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get total seconds of timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  the endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  if called without any called in a function is called .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  checks   multiple
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api service returns {deleted: true} if the rest api was created and returns {created: false} if the api was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  verifies that next/previtem .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  validate   dispatcher
truth:  handles   handles

test:  move message to the extended message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the file is in the passed package .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   module
truth:  to   checks

test:  migrate migrations in postgresql to the convolving .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  migrate   uninstall
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds and returns first elementreturn elementreturn in iterable for which predicate is found .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if there is some resulted .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send an canonicalized path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  send   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  helper function for ids typecode to a course key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   course

test:  resolved polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only supported on posix-like systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  configure the output of a complex ioloop to match the tornado module .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  flask   sequences
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator that allows a function or a decorator that play another function into a decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  lock   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  print   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the most recently specification .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  transform   replace
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get a backup file or more nagios all the executable in a separate build list .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  return the regular expression graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is used to decode truncated sequence of bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install or upgrade python and update them .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   python

test:  compute and compute memory swap the flavor swap event on the flavor .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  extract subclasses of multiple models which are assigned to proxy minion .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the key parameters .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  gets the authorized users dashboard stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  check   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ftensor image tries to work a list of characters .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  numa numa topology for the given host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  update   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate a day .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  check data from uniques .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  string   rms
truth:  returns   returns

test:  migrates version of rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure there are absent on the computenode name the arcs or wrapper that have a set of absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  change   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  replace wire version of new .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  return timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  checks whether server authentication keys are present in the cache if there is configured .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  checks   keys
truth:  to   check

test:  install the available package with port and refresh the system .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  factory for classes to generate the video field .
truth: return query string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper function for setting the options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   argv

test:  make sure every time has the given operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  make   return
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper function to check whether course is allowed in the course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  function   display
truth:  prints   prints

test:  completion - replace file with an example form .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  opens   entry
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  creates a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert efficiently to y in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  string   maps
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clears property in the given zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a specific image from the program .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   case

test:  a single command line css algorithm .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  null   source
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert new affine .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  combine   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of where the line number has just been whitelisted .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam access to the data directory .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to create a file to be given .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances in a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  extract tests from python with python .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if the processs attribute of a valid filesystem key .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  returns distance between vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format an element from the specified string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if string is an covert scalars .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get new text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets credentials from yaml file by name .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   line
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete the user access record .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  return matrix to direction by direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  gets the specified photo and return info read from "table" .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  round   json
truth:  get   photo

test:  create a course xblock type for a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email address .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of svd .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a comment configuration as valid integer name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive email to the default account from account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  email   queues
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if mapping mr to heliocentric predicate .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a list of the training data for parent_is_init units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces x11 patterns from path/to/filename .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  blaze an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  send   wrap
truth:  return   return

test:  enumerates acronyms of normal distribution parameters x : array .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  walk   standard
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise mappingtypes if the given name is not a type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the memory memory object is cuda .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  given   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plot a number as a string .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  testing   multiple
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node memory cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get a pci device by id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the hash with the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  rate   hash
truth:  existing   null

test:  attempt to return a string of instance names to a file .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x but some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sets default model .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  sets   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a json response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  marathon   response
truth:  attempt   a

test:  sets a sqlalchemy url for a given sqlalchemy object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks for any of the logger whose names start with the group .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  lists   groups
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure that the instance state works on new instance states and set it .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  make   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  match a pattern to see if its allowed to find dicts: or not .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  to   null
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture that doesnt log permissions .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  for recipients attachments .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  traverse a list of tuples with the given name .
truth: version of node . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  null   version

test:  replace extra in a decorator with their leaves .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random regression problem with small data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  index   index

test:  attempts to wrap the new certificates definition .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  function   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  shows all the main application which have found in the session .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  shows   view
truth:  view   view

test:  input image row by a square test by performing its 1st .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  preprocesses   version
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file with the contents of this file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a config for the mime-type component .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wrapper around the database .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  build   build

test:  the sequence satisfies a list of lists with each line .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sort the given list of dicts by their errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  create a similarity matrix of order row** this function is still needed between 0 and un-named : ndarray .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   find

test:  builds the action decorator for an action with a documented method .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the union of the {expr}return character in the args list .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  training   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  read data from a sound file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  read   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check a score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   score
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert --> whitelisted .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the categorical parameters crossentropy : array-like input a tensor of indices in which the categorical tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  value   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a valid device are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute the mean of the mean table .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  compute   confidence
truth:  null   generic

test:  this wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  check   a
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic logistic function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  get json info of user .
truth: adds site . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to return 1 from callback .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  to   quotas
truth:  null   product

test:  makes x corresponding to base a bytearray using an integer .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  makes   download
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a torrent object .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all table description for given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts lists or list into a list .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  given   query
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced with their occurrences of substring replaced by old replaced by old
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the sse2 package .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   netstat

test:  return the windows ui page classes for the request .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that starts with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  takes   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates an [uuid|alias|hostname] index from a source .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  creates   source
truth:  index   index

test:  search for these elements in equivalent and short the version using an callback .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  process the filesystem data and process the prng .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  ask   filesystem
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update basic auth or override an auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   parse
truth:  set   set

test:  merge a list of args .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the name of this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  release an devices in the downhill release .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a module name to be in the form area .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  run a test unless its platforms is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  run   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return string or tab or tab filenames to string .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process with a origin process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a signal handler for the given name of the module .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  return the base log of a scalar .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line arguments and their template tags .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  command   command

test:  create a public key for the given filename .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  display a resource of the init queryset .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this endpoint shows the html to the html page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  show   show

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert to the maxheap class form .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  run filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  same as unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  test relative_to sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the all iso modules .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test some port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if value is less than other points .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns string containing currency regex .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the specified user is absent name the name of the state table is absent .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  check if printing the input data .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read in the contents of the current file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  called by post_save component with an authenticated client if its not a reset .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  called   setup
truth:  view   view

test:  adds a function or method to be run before the function .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  like a file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  move   attempt
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  expiry the certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  formats   performance
truth:  return   return

test:  logs the message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  logs   warning
truth:  prints   prints

test:  iqr for float where the maximum of the passed distribution is estimated .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   number

test:  gets a class instance from the database .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a graph from a dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified to their values and values as contact .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of area along the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  find   a

test:  return a mock instance of the vm named file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the output of sys .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  prompts   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run a test if console is not a test .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  returns true if version >= *cmp_version_str* .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  to   return
truth:  check   version

test:  this makes up to necessary table for necessary doctypes .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a mock output .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   token
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  looks for users in a list of path and renames .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration threads by course_key .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  create x made from a class .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  create   classes
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator which applies django action to a method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  sets   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  initialize the module .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  show data that can be unique by lowering measure on this process .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  show   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  make a new rc2 cipher .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  calling   function
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns spaced covariance matrix for the autocorrelation of a cluster parameters arrays : array or equal to the rcctl(8) diagonal of yielding documentation for the null hypothesis .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  returns   hac
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  take   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a pattern for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  set   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the status message .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  load   a
truth:  query   query

test:  filtered controller to allow choicelist controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  filtered   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  encode warnings .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  fail   http
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the link for profile .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  link   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  authorization a vdi and merge only if there are no effect .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a list of files within the given git location .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given property flags are present in a series .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  send out subscription channels to subscription subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  find all the python files starting with a given archive .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  move   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  the group with requested comments for the given request .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  get   user
truth:  given   a

test:  try to get the localhost ip addresses from an already .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs and translate the "mini" document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true iff this file name matches the given python file name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  take a addresses of the rest server .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  take   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  create   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns the first element of the matrix forms given its not equal to .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a finder session list .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the items of a group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to determine the group id if a group exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  this should be called outside a history file .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  writes   authentication
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans has sent and visible {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a separate section string and returns either of the separate interface or each item .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  change the maximum of a class to false .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  change   utility
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format all terms .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  format   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the specified script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a notebook to the notebook cell .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   cluster
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks that the coordinate sequence has been rewritten .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  changes the version of the current instance .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  get   null
truth:  specified   tag

test:  return string representation of the length type .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the resources .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  leading   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get indexes and index for namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns all empty arrays exist on an array of strings .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test mixin info for mixin .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  fake   attributes
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a string like 7 but raises an error in google cloud sql .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator replaces bare compatibility operations .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  return a mock version of the model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy keys in the subs dict by value from subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event view of the event status .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  converts a binary string to a tuple .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   args

test:  list all logging flags .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  list   document
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  interpret   get
truth:  get   meta

test:  return a list of parameters to be valid expressions that can be enabled .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linelength works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  ensure that the environment variable .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  url   get
truth:  function   function

test:  resume the given signal .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  converts the yyyymmddhhmmss specs query .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  adds a matrix to the wire columns of the spacing .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator that library .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of full vms on this module .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  upload a case .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  model   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  translate html characters to the beginning of the given url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validate that a dynamic header name has a valid format cli examples: .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indent a text .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check and setup the matplotlib command .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  points of the form of the current source code .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  null   index
truth:  order   order

test:  list all available libraries from the user .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   view
truth:  list   list

test:  logs the first word of the python matrix .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for changes to the current thread streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access type access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution by applying a image[mask] image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache value .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns string encodes and the base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns a taguri .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  create interactive script by presence and safe script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of raw config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a free command is debug .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the new resolved count the review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number number number number number < < number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  filter respont ids of users .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the nodes matching the graph g .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  handle additional tool .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that case and desired .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show a numeric branch or a numeric branch .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  run   run

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  test whether a path should be written or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  if   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager for temporarily change an existing conda environment .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  evaluate an jinja2 interpreter with a latex that is .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a first url for the login view of login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all instance with the specified adapter_type .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cgsnapshot snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the macros section of a path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses timestamp from timestamp content string and returns the contents of products which are parsed .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   time
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a few epochs and train
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  reverts   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of instructor tasks .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to combines multiple elements of a sample .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper decorator for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   create
truth:  patch   patch

test:  compute rich measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this simply checks all input in a specific character or flags .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  sets getting zh-cn and skimage result in seconds .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  sets   accepts
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the dulwich matrix from a dulwich or an integer .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  tokens   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the content of a test file descriptor to the test its a square object .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that the exception instance is initialized .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  test   check
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  build a dictionary containing a subset of exercises users and install it to their associated with a list of tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  build   redirects
truth:  returns   a

test:  serialize object in data .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   in

test:  accept an object to indicate the root handler .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return dictionary with all pfx classes .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until resource variable making a javascript variable available .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate but use unix date .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional debug of a point .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   polygon
truth:  get   get

test:  fetches get_module attribute with actually identity info in the course .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict with keys in the form .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats state to a comma separated string to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate a lhs string .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports signal handlers on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this function implements the user .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  test test on null lines should result should result .
truth: if a . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a float value in milliseconds returning a value in milliseconds .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  your app engine uses script_ .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  log   a

test:  after the cohort cohort to be modified .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  force points in both f(x) points .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  is   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   inset
truth:  get   get

test:  assert that visually for testing where coordinates of coordinates can access a list of different numpy array of the form offsets .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  assert   state
truth:  test   test

test:  this wrapper wraps task_state .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   a

test:  create a newline slave_fd command in a newline app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a string representing a default and port .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end to end version command for show version .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  end   end

test:  restores a blob that resets its encryption after the given bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  launch connections to an individual keys .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  launch   information
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the file path .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a container with a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version of file listed in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  tell bigfile a file-like key in a dict of ascii bytes .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable module cli example: .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  print   a

test:  format a time to a human-readable format .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted ips into a cron list .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   generate
truth:  list   list

test:  fill the x intersections of the x intersections of the loop that may have a line .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  return slice from array after trimming distribution from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  mean   array
truth:  slices   slices

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as an alternate attribute this decorator should be moved to a method of the operation .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  decorate a method used to only be called after clip .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  forces the user to the default request safe for it .
truth: takes request . 
test:  bytes   web
truth:  request   request

test:  error handler for djangos templates .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  logs   view
truth:  null   custom

test:  execute calls another implicit .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  read a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   load

test:  given a queryset .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  given   optional
truth:  get   a

test:  wrapper around shutil .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  change   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read lines from file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  read   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return full path to the directory that contains some known configs .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make a dns libcloud cli example: .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parse a string of iso 8601 format info that can be passed .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return an inline letter .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  verify a unique key .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  testing the output of a successful file names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  getting   output
truth:  output   output

test:  preprocess float with a cut or an existing precision .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  preprocessing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the test is raised when logging a new instance .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a stub object .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  convert   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  return true if string can be cast as an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 rotation matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   strategy
truth:  null   null

test:  parse url asynchronously asynchronously to secret pin .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  url   endpoint
truth:  perform   null

test:  return date date or boxing date fields .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   get

test:  removed in the folder .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  if   a
truth:  add   a

test:  open a vdi and return its authorization instance .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  use this instead of vc that we use a proxyconnect commented original string turned the rules of the same library such as encode() .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  use   downloads
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  creates a url mapping with its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all plugins on the user to show on the currently installed .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  query   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the network hash .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  delete specific tag associated with a repository and its children .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the directory that the file directly in located .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if header_text is not too whitespace in a line .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for beacon .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   comma
truth:  null   in

test:  create a timeout object that will be run with the given timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  shutdown   factory
truth:  make   a

test:  update an existing hash .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create simple simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  an appropriate all_correlations clip path .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the current levels in an existing 683 683 level .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the string at path and fix the skeinforge callers .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  converts a authentication url string into normalized parts .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  split a null-terminated file system and apply " .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  simplified   get
truth:  normalize   a

test:  takes a certificate in binary digest the der-encoded formatted .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys of an continuous-time column .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach watching a extra object to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a django instance of an instance object .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  casts a blaze function to a switch .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  write the compiled file or markers to the given ifname .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure nested child .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  serializing   null

test:  python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  sanitize this will appear from numpy .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an stonith property cibfile name/path of one property cibfile use cibfile name/path of the live resource containing the live property cibfile name/path of the live cib for creating the
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict of the specified job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an results of images in a plot .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  source   text
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create the logged attributes for a task into its uuid .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a higher order contractive autoencoder for a few epochs on a node .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  display   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that trailing table extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the disabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check filter with an identity .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  debug this to check if a debug level has a debug function .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  debug   mode
truth:  get   get

test:  if user has access to this descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  mail -> list of mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  null   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  takes a list of strings and returns a single argument .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  null   token
truth:  print   print

test:  checks whether a particular database is done .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  apply roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  apply   roles
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table with otu entries in axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  routing   code
truth:  null   null

test:  read columns from the given url and return a dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   a

test:  validate a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get whether the version is a valid version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the named package is installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure an artifact module is installed .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  using   null

test:  get or create a room by creating a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  get   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series expansion of the series inversion expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   p
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  read a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  read   in
truth:  define   a

test:  look for vhds that should be found this is called directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = default * network -- request network name the name of interest drive * mysql * safe -- power'] drive drive drive .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   instances
truth:  request   power

test:  returns a list containing the index .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return the name of a topic .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified to their values and values as contact .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fixup_ins_del_tags -> utf-8 name that contains the next expansion .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   template
truth:  return   return

test:  load the execer compatible with imp .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   dictionary
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id from the client .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display white socket .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  token   token

test:  calls the attr object not deleted in a particular object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  return   up
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all lists of urls .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  see   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true iff this normalize: channel has a particular list of text .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies idonotseethechanges' using urllib .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current registered flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes hex to base32 compatible with base32 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  get list comprehension details .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  list   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns the version of the system cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   import

test:  gets last datetime .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  get languages in the console .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  preserve   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create an tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the current destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given a matplotlib rgb components .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   function
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check if we can import module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in subprocess .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  to   a
truth:  call   a

test:  display the elementtree cluster if we want to cluster .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  get   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  callable that validates an existing axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  scans   reverse
truth:  if   null

test:  delete multiple extra information from instances system_metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   prefixes
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  reverse up a logger handler for the given name and above to the pwnlib logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  setup   generate
truth:  remove   remove

test:  select non warning by default .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  select   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test text table designed for humans text table designed for humans text line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   text
truth:  read   read

test:  find the module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load the template tag from the bokeh cache path .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks a datastore is not too long and zero or a string .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the mean of gaussian mean over gaussian random mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id return ajax comment ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   status
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all the containers in a text .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   outputs
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   mac

test:  loads many objects .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  loads   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  show the writer of an existing help .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  show   information
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  get users user from the appropriate user and clear all api requests .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  prompts   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  start traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  start   traffic
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  replace   course
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and construct a format that format is a format that does not copy of a sound .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   github
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of channels appropriate for the given channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a generator to return a list of existing values .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  mocks   helper
truth:  context   manager

test:  send an event on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   subscription

test:  checks a notification for given user and name .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  show   call
truth:  given   a

test:  create the base directory for the given trashcan .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove a string from the format and -1 .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the parsed tuple from the flask release file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  postgis the string representation of an array of elements .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if apf exists .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  represent the uuid that matches the desired query .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  filtered   summary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  init the init level .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return raw integer .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister closed in review board .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  plots   register
truth:  unregister   null

test:  create a formatted field which should not a model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return available flavor .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of plugin names by a specific plugin .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to skip tests to generate the test method this decorator is called to wont import method in testtools mode .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   test
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  query   keyring
truth:  is   keyring

test:  parameters index : int .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  is   overlay
truth:  slices   slices

test:  compute the declaration_specifiers .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set a unique widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the utc score for a transaction with a particular event .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove help aliases from the aliases .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  asserts that a list by id is used for the given key .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   selinux
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given encoding and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  wait for a service to be available .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  retrieve the devices devices from the given url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  get versions to the git revision to the device .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   git
truth:  get   version

test:  copy each character or more entries in arr to one .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr gt expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  get points path .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  transform   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  transform a string to ascii .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  required   a
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return an element of the ground domain .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  a helper function that retrieves the github api status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  return the full filename to a table .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  name of a single vm .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   indexing
truth:  add   i

test:  port a rules range range(port_max rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if args is not a .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   function
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  returns whether the response requires modified processor and modified header .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  import available language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  create a prefixes attributes for unused attributes of a node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to its 32-bit representation .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  test various input from normal input is found from the delimiter options: mapping of the url to raise an exception .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test various function .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  return the shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  read a variable as a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  read   a
truth:  function   function

test:  mark a task keys as dot .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  exemplify   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent or update a heatmap chart using the compatibility chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate id asfortranarray of the id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  calculate   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  compute a binary mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove users users even if present .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the specific specific number that is a region .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to guess a tar image .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the default value .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   method
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  null   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick selection channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  return a list of active nonfunction command .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   connect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  deletes the controller and updates it with the specified controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  insert   ssh
truth:  function   function

test:  copy the monitordir file created by the api .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup source_dict[properties] by id and serialize to files .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  set   effect
truth:  null   method

test:  display a new length .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  display   print
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version string for use in authorization .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example that dependencies .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  prints   checks
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator that applies one function or more elements of a function .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   median
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string from a string .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  parses   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  divide list n elements of size n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   utility
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a status of data .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if all commands are available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  output   tests
truth:  return   statistics

test:  return the module containing the models .
truth: execute app . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  execute   app

test:  list salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  shortcut for hugs .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove contacts from a users personal library .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   photos
truth:  remove   a

test:  retrieve the specified lyrics .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  to   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use djangos devices to stringify the database in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  to   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  given an email group .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test unless the expected segments arent changed .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given quality is good enough quality where the given object .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that does nothing .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  context   null
truth:  -   -

test:  counts items in list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  count   count

test:  print the parameters of a dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt6 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time time time :return: true if the system is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  create information about a test suite .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add photos of a users in the specified user .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  ensures   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  calculate the linear operators of the linear operators .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   events
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an existing repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  send a path to the request .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  send   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for theano .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   edge
truth:  output   output

test:  check if we can return whether an threaded is deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  to   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  page through the template installation outp .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  to   setup

test:  look for modules .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the given learning spec for the given number of threads .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  transform signal name .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  transform   print
truth:  handle   a

test:  use remote ip to bypass ip addresses .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   url
truth:  show   show

test:  load a file from the plugin .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach an ebs volume to an existing device device .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  send a user to an exploration .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  send   validates
truth:  commits   a

test:  output for nonnegative readability .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  if   loop
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a valid volume .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  because this is in the fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  if   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   social
truth:  to   callback

test:  parses the molecular value from an http header dict .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parses   version
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the true}if dictionary .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the string timestamp .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  adds a compiler attributes to compiler without modifying the provider .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  simple example until we processing with user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  get the size of a given type .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get number of available video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return an instance of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  like   a
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively walk a statement by each statement in the associated statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  walk   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function that gets the previously added stable position in the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cancel common snapper of f and returns the result .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  cancel   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverses the elements swapping at n and n time .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  only apply branching rules into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an object according to the length of an object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  patches a '%s@%s' username for data .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  a generator that yields all the audio generator which yields a given audio stream in the given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  null   context
truth:  opens   a

test:  completion if language is supported in supported by checking if language is display .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert some warnings into a structure of structure .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  string   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision for a field_type likelihood .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the geos switch module .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate dangerous argument access metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  let setting .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  let   user
truth:  send   send

test:  a fake groups: call to invoke the previous call .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  fake   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  this method gets called from a full revision message for the specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  create   create

test:  change the default -j method of a given 53 53 .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  change   paths
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  compute the bayesian information criterion .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  prints a list of an object to check for any callable .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile localizable file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns sentiment with entity entities .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   entities

test:  field_type : name equals identifier .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the specified resource .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   system
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator to wrap a function to be called at a time .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  add a signal .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  disable   code
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates the table used by a dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian cartesian character used in a list of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  display   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format a text as an integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  format   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read graph from the datastore promotes instance and return a python object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  requires the sql password .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  form   checks
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the current django version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  generates a random prime number that is prime to a random prime or prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive function .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   factory

test:  checks if a vlanid vlanid is unused .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  compute a file that matches a filesystem file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  compute   seconds
truth:  am   am

test:  print the exit message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses a string or none .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  end   end

test:  take a sequence of items and returns either a string or of the form .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert that the message was none and exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  run the given program with the passed name and run it .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert a string into a float from a positive integer n .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  plot or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  render a file in the salt master cli example: .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if event is a list of regular expressions of the given list of any filtering contain a .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  to   changes

test:  drop all open commands .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  sync   decorator
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to standard ftp .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the group of datatypes_registry definitions .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  checks that cost_data is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   null
truth:  command   command

test:  sort and merge the icon function to y parameters x : array-like the resulting variable .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  function   axis
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an status package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   check

test:  create appropriate arguments for the given argumentparser .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  create   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if instances have a given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  test   list
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the simple server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 request timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   return
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor devices .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper function to enforce catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  send   directory
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a full name lines for a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove receivers from signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the local execution module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that renders a page with a html revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  call   a
truth:  if   null

test:  updates crypto variables using the dynamic arg .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a group .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the beacon beacon is valid .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a status to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a median distance between 0 and the 2nd will lag-polynomial a square of observations .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  computes   custom
truth:  find   corners

test:  get value of a function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  add umc build to an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  fix   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add an event .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   null
truth:  update   update

test:  make a validation .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  make   a
truth:  download   download

test:  check if the current module is not set or at the given name .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing reallocation complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   a
truth:  routing   area

test:  read in the entire contents of a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  read file from name .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  extracts   grep
truth:  null   method

test:  make a temp temp to the one device .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  send   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml key .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two dictionaries vars .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator that synchronizes the mongodb command line switch .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from receivers to to_value receivers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   handler
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  make sure we dont crash in a module .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  calls   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return mapped set of dataframe where the collection of the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   keypair
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  convert a string to standard python string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  modified   site
truth:  get   current

test:  group the list of unknown groups based on flavor/image groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute version of a path with its the given file or .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  return the partial logarithm of the api .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add current user to submissions user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   users
truth:  null   page

test:  given a dict of username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  query   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check if a given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  see race .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  see   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file path and return a base file object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page copy page .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all unicode 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if an error code could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a decorator for well-formed test objective function .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add pair to recreate pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   tunnels
truth:  run   run

test:  infer a random distribution of x drawn with probability distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  samples   equivalent
truth:  sample   sample

test:  builds a url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker agent server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  outputs a log message to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  outputs   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of colors in the order of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function returns a paginated limiting out of the new queryset .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a datastore resource .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  display authentication in some server .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a numeric value into a replace .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  modified   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects enpoints authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  handler for symbolic include the symbolic path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the recursive sample of singular strings .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  see   null

test:  create pootle project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image or leaf directory .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns a boolean argument .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get exception with the given driver .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  test   a
truth:  list   list

test:  gets the current mounts architecture or and returns the current linux list of lines :returns: list of lines or around the linux container .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  finds   like
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   i
truth:  null   propagation

test:  return a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  takes a list of tuples representing the basic steps .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  did   null

test:  return the bundle object for the given bundle file .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   a

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of the directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extract basic authentication data .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  test grammar methods for bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  converts os x to decide if were running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  converts   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize a manager by name or a manager .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  set   up

test:  a safe pattern as a string of characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  strips node of a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all source files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   function
truth:  obtain   a

test:  extracts input data that will be done with the search dict of xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute an lowercase or an lowercase string .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   code
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   page

test:  convert between strings containing individuals .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add incoming tag to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   upgrade
truth:  send   arp

test:  yield the tree positions in the trees which match the trees which match the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the text only used once and fakeimageservice solution .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get an object from the passed object args: obj_name : the passed object to credentials returns: a bug example: .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update a traffic server configuration in the system name the configured config values .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  update   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the key in key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  fuzzy -> string return a copy of the string s with all trailing whitespace removed .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup py .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset files which sleep and non fortran will be checked for non backends .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  reset   environment
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress a generator that reads a stream of bytes in a stream and the iterator .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  set and return the types: with an date newick and set it .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  set   a
truth:  record   record

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  domain   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  function to ensure its default attribute does not need to the previous attribute .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  null   snippet

test:  import something under target .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   something
truth:  import   a

test:  collects the specified metadata .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  combine the config of a test .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  combine   dictionary
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode the 'fsdecode' if its 3 .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  unpack   move
truth:  decode   a

test:  call func with a shell level .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  call   use
truth:  if   null

test:  lock the file with a file name based on the file system .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  encode   drop
truth:  object   object

test:  find a sparse indices encoded a sparse element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  converts   tree
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  list all known auth cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  return a named service cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  check if code is installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of blobs on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  match active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  match   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk id of linode usage sets the linode component .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure an object is implemented correctly .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  gets a list of yaml from a yaml string .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns server info of software hdu cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a sql response that has a html response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   response

test:  cast an array or a scalar to a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  send   object
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until a condition has preferred until the list has preferred seconds to be true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  repository a host cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  context   call
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for running tests in python 2 .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  print   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  create a new dummy decorator that includes settings .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password using data given the key and 3 .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  encrypts   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of network device metadata and their interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission by the provided typename and check the optional permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  checks if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  lists all known locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  writes list of data to a string with args .
truth: write out data . 
test:  flattens   null
truth:  write   null

test:  open the custom custom fit command .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces sr .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  a valid handler that ensures that .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  null   optional
truth:  null   groups

test:  return a list of parameter placement we want to run a model .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: join-trigger this plugin introduces a game with the whole build process .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr | expr times expr | expr divide expr | expr power expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns an open method that will be called at once .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  round   round

test:  a function to convert the topic and new list of menu tuples to the class .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   args
truth:  create   a

test:  is np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  code[pos] way of multiple locate_app of code[pos] .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  return a string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a name of the container .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  exception a single object after the current items .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  based   add
truth:  call   call

test:  compute gradient of evoked evoked using evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  draw a gradient function .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  clears   change
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of nodes representing a node in topologically order .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the url for the url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of openid items from url .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  registered   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add to installation .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  to   users
truth:  return   data

test:  finds the tail tree of a finds finds the given dtype matching the given dtype .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  function   reference
truth:  find   find

test:  handle request .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  request   checks
truth:  fills   in

test:  return the number of notifications to the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean only images that no multiline components .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   delete
truth:  checks   checks

test:  transform an image to the new image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  link   a
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function to turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not enabled .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   compile
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if any of the url is in the ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test unique font fitting .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   attempt
truth:  loading   loading

test:  parse a template template uri .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri for translation .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check a converted to numpy arrays .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return x minus x binary at x and y .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper for behaviour .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that include_names ignores 'col if the show reader is not equal to serve and present .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   highlights
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return url string from art .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   art
truth:  return   art

test:  test merging an existing project on a user object .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   hosts
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  split a split dataframe to all type strings in the given app .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  split   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  this is a register specification to retrieve a list of flag properties .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that allows you to define and add a custom action to requests .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  returns whether the user has allowed allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to an return true if there is the url in the network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers set .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  return the authentication encoding that ends with respect to the given locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the modules list .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return custom username .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms room .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial non-zero .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the string representing the specified time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  formats an error message in the given fault .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  create   a

test:  counts firewall rules .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  calls names .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  existing   list

test:  get a nested nested number .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the b-spline integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert files from disk to a file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  doctest   match
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove tags from the beginning of a list of text to the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  removes   accents
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return dict of plugins for an existing plugin string .
truth: as above . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  associate media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  associate   media
truth:  get   media

test:  given a list of paths and an ratings list of cmd .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the windows pids of the lesser os path .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  get   bson
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services which are installed in the given service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test whether iterator encrypted_assertion can be loaded .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  return dataframe if index have index .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  replace   series

test:  return a list of units from unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  required   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  need to handle a chimeras error handler for python 2 .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  parses   unpack
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all locale resources .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ret[setting] a server in the form .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return a vector of two sparse test arrays .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test label source parameters label : perpendicular .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  label   box
truth:  label   label

test:  return the most recent entries for past an vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  back a new versions from the monthrange server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  sync   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a about the content about the application about the changes to .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  splits an element from a line extends .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the objects for an object found in given index .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  shows success message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  shows   view
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array a device of dtype like device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  stream   method
truth:  call   cuda

test:  formats the code to formats it in grading .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  to   in
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads a randomstreams .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  strips sequences of whitespace characters from a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  turn   in
truth:  normalize   a

test:  find a character in an array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  find   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  sets the event images on application and key .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  parse the keyword argument list of positional args and kwargs that are the return value of a callable .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line with the given semicolon line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use last setting index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  use   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse a string of the input stream digits .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  creates a new stream that spawns the specified stream .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  return   a

test:  send an error message to your functionality .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to a given service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a custom entities in a field with the named one .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  receives   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the controller that can be a new controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  returns   controller

test:  formats a sample sample data that :arg sample data .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the home assistant server cli example: .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the coordinate of a vector field computed wrt the specified frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a class decorator .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  write and reads closing given stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of resource names that contain a queryset .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items from a list of their names .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the points of a path .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  list   index
truth:  normalize   a

test:  sort the proposals .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  build   return
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  tests invocation handles 'foo/bar/baz/blah' .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert hex string to a r .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  noop   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the information returned from the 2 database cli example: .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   a

test:  attach one or more members in a load-balancer .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the last access path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  validates last item contains an attribute key .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  loads a new json database cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the html types from an vary request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  get   view
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the users samaritan" .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  using compatible with length > .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  called   test
truth:  check   check

test:  loads config code from path .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  save   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node that are not loaded from the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve iterator of iterator by a iterator with first item from the iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detach elb on elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  return a "start" string containing data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  return   null
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an entry .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  given   view
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex string of rgb and convert it to an axis .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  create request type conversions on read from bucket .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  request   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return md5 hash of the md5 hash algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy implementation of elements in sparse matrix .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  kludge of network .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  this command takes an executable and returns its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send vehicle duration based on specified duration of velocity position and request .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  email   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that pip are listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  random init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the set of all set of unique index in this column .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  return   values
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that choices are the only one with choices or more elements of choices for each item in css ones .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   object
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  set all the execution and exclude applications .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  set   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the negative bit of f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  labeled   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the vector of a string in long form .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the availability set .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the pubkey contents from a buffer .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the dns dns ip address passed in this format:: cli example: .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the default credentials to be valid .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  update   configures
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  clean up a app remote stub remote by app engine api .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  does   null

test:  formats an ipython "{}mustbeoftype'{}'" select .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  set   set

test:  try to get the format from locate_unbalanced_start .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  to   files
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fiff file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   projections
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading whitespace from a text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently exercises on .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email when a new reporter is posted to an exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split s string into a null-terminated string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  s   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build the plugin vendor .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string representing text .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  store a device name for the current device .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  set   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run openbsd command .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  connect ordered certificates to host and corrects them .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  request   null
truth:  define   null

test:  find the branch path string which will be later at a given path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  ]p[ : const_value expr | empty .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  get the auth of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  get   uses
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies we always calls to an object type and verifies creating normal objects .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the datetime of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all commands for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  given a dictionary of grains .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from softlayer concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of model based subpixel mode .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  strips all and descriptions of text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   xml
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  run command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   axes
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  escape reviews of markdown text .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to skip tests on policies .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the container container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get a csv file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a function with the given name .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   use

test:  log log message parsed from category .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  log   a
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of paths read from we know what this is a unicode string .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   build
truth:  find   find

test:  handle patch command and run an entrypoint command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an command for running a specific user .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of ports that are available .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scans   null

test:  test sparse works .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  generated   generate
truth:  test   initialization

test:  same as hashlib .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  make   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  program -> list of arguments .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  search   a
truth:  run   python

test:  returns the right common selinux with only the expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a date: or received: locale error string from time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   indices
truth:  convert   date

test:  get extension from opengl .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by start .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of flow objects .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  all cliques base base index in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  function   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package with a specific version of the package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to acquire a synchronous method to be called with an pip<pyversion> .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send the dpid numbers in the request .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  get   get

test:  internal function to format a string with photo to access the path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this is a little wrapper around 'iterlengthisnotamultipleof%i' that yields elements of the length n times .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  is   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the module .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the whole heading used to create a sphinx default .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness in an gain .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  return the graph of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate enum "fb:0c:ac:0a:07:94:5b:ce:75:6e:63:32:13:ad:ad:d7 data name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  update   manager
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a class handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  compute absolute error regression loss for *k* targets .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the wh of the frequency matrix elements of an array parameters matrix : sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class with 'sys and port .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find all free ports in the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return a purchase object .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates value passed in valueerror .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces space character with random characters .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  take a nan? module as the name of the elasticsearch .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  take   a
truth:  register   register

test:  if the request has an explicit field .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  get all of the data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  change   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url existing use of various tests .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a complete blocklist from a configuration file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   one
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the first kind and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  enable   enable

test:  create a cluster in the cluster with a given name should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  assert that the ask with local parameters x : local user .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random n_steps .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   one
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an existing instance_info_cache record .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only supported on posix-like systems with the steady systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register all fail if built-in account is hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  authenticate internal helper to load internal file in the directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  outputs a named variable number to the given criteria .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  update an existing user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  update   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the default path for the current operating system .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   set
truth:  to   function

test:  verify the git stderr .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in -3 'gnb' .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as deprecated from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  given an http response object and a string of any status documents .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  apply djangos -d%s-ptcp-mtcp--dport%s-j parameters .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  create   create

test:  determine the instance of the appropriate instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set pidlockfile test for the cudamatrix method .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  plot sequences .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  string   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial legendre polynomial of order n .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the specified objects are deleted on an gl function .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  set   set

test:  sends an email address .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification type values .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get items from verbose by name .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  process   json

test:  create a testsuite loaded with all tests found in the given test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  create   runner
truth:  run   run

test:  context manager for elasticsearch apps folder .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  query   uses
truth:  set   set

test:  eelif % template from the flavor concerning an image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate decorate search method object to add a method to a method .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of the available keys with the most recent pattern .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete selected users edit command .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   user

test:  given a python objects .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a tree of text against a list of text .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  transform legendre polynomial .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  transform   linear
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test some program where resources docstrings from python object .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the kernel discrete kernel in a kernel normal kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  compute   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  determine whether the specified network is available .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the euclidean mean of squares .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  save the response to simulates a new location .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  get width of first axis .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  transform   remove
truth:  remove   lines

test:  load the provider style by base64-encoded file .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  load   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize debug function .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  run   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove examples .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  io   uses
truth:  errors   errors

test:  return true if the package files from the given package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  attempts to format the file from the :func:parse_locale format .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  file   file

test:  get the account] utility for the given period of value which have sent to the parent very registry .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase page for another purchase .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   uses
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted string to a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets name of a version .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  name   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a single request value from a http request command and returns a value .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a timestamp .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  print   metric

test:  return a 1-in-n binary b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a list of str and returns a schema .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  takes   view
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that will been added to login/registration/third_party_auth .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  thx event locations based on its associated * url name * # name from url .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime per -3 .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  the left version of two python .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  convert a string to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a theano shared variable with shape elements .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy data into one of the given model labels .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the current idle setting cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns message to a message .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   detail
truth:  sends   null

test:  entry point for the importer tool code .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  to   example
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  a custom fields of the string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value by keys and weights .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a datetime .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  swap   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if this model has been found in the given model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  check the application description is acceptable .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   check
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the image from central image and ]offset * outputs with offset * fit * must be exported * ]offset .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  create   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds out the nodes of one element ordering of discussion number .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test for individual values .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   count
truth:  make   null

test:  returns none if the specified hosted is available .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  evaluate   check
truth:  if   null

test:  decode token from a json file .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  token   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection object .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cache the precision .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  translate   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  transform the best values of two matrices .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  svd sequences of the alpha described in x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compute   camera

test:  coded the coded .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  loads   example
truth:  run   run

test:  configure the configuration file and returns the next configuration object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  parses   update
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if term is exclusively on a list of accepted .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  if   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  compute quadratic spline coefficients for several search functions .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns an approximate of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  static view which implements an request .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to add delayed .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  context   context
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  ensure that the directory is present .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  updates command config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  set   http

test:  set the lock in a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and return it .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on debian systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  verify the path .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new dict based on a fake dict .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the branch .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  generates   export
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  run a network node .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  email   a
truth:  train   a

test:  set the union of the first item in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  sets   list
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates public ip .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a configured package url for a file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  converts string to an int .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  trims sequences of slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  accepts filename and truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  return true if the sequence is in the sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get value for variable not start with rtl caller .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  required   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi rgb value into two proportions value .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the rgb bit from the given value .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png image by a backend .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   null

test:  return an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the command and returns true if the passed command was passed with the same platform .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full array with ones that are same as a given dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for registering the instance_info_cache region of basehandler .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  i have been imported .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations in patches .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  tests whether n is a symbol that matches the specified symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  tests   formats
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update a wsgi application .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  initialize   load
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a queue object that returns multiple ip .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the bokeh app .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the elements matching the or specification strings .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  runs a command and returns its output .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return 404 docs request error with langage removed by shorter location of oauth services .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get input intersections from a list of dicts .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render a page based on the entire request .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  watching   handler
truth:  render   render

test:  returns the current alert routine .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run []label positions in a series of data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  align   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  called by the stubs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  called   up
truth:  do   null

test:  define an object by name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions and indices .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  is   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the data based on the git data .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order linear differential equation with best coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorate to decorate methods but is a class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  generates a random permutation permutation with base n ignored .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  breaks all [x]html after a set of strings .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  breaks   strategy
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for a process handler .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  click   click

test:  finds the windows code code in a description .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  finds   utility
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this can be used instead of where or not .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  same as a .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  elementwise   norm
truth:  null   a

test:  flip the components of a given experiment containing the number of characters .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read coordinate comments from html .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   run
truth:  given   a

test:  adds an object to the band language .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  block   build
truth:  insert   insert

test:  write one data to the specified format file .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  write   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse this class calls to an iterable of fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  determine if all possible support is a prime number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  add   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  apply a relative rotation transform .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  transform   generic
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make components of theano variables .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   calls
truth:  list   list

test:  get the constant containing the constant value .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replaces the datatable .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  null   test
truth:  declares   null

test:  compute flowgrams to handle flowgrams .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  get the file as an environment dict .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  send   send

test:  return the difference between attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a string with spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   text
truth:  indent   a

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  this is an empty string for names of type .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the path of the home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gcd: long integer .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  construct a secret token .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict describing the output table .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   stats
truth:  is   null

test:  an matcher instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  change   change

test:  get the result dictionary into a patched dictionary .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper method to generate a fake route in the changelog .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raise error if scale fails .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  init   check
truth:  make   null

test:  apply integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  computes   re
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the properties of the object managed with the type specified .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset imports in dataset .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  filter a source string by a source or a unicode string .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  if dynamic .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  start a service to non-nan a saved function .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  start server properties .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the scaling of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a list of color where the matplotlib color is documents .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   matplotlib
truth:  set   set

test:  return an object that will work in basepath of basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return for a class that is a valid ip .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  make   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  the point should be done by a parsing if there are no results .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving order originally by dave kirby .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  group groups moments for dataframe parameters results : dataframe value for dataframe func2 : int .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   indexing
truth:  if   test

test:  get the trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by ovs ports from ovs port .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  computes the l2-norm order order .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a dictionary and write it in zipfiles registry .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   groups
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of head and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as keyboard :code:<your indicates or deactivate documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard *example:* env :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard field
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  skills controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return path to a working directory .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   get
truth:  short   get

test:  iterate over the docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  iterate   replaces
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return memory memory of memory t volumes given a contiguous buffer .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run windows only execute when its running tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   tests
truth:  run   run

test:  makes a connector for instances not ordered by dumb .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  if the given argument is a parent parent .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get private vlan mode .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  work out if saves urls dont know about a url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert the given path from path to the list of objects .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate writer graph for g parameters g : string or context that use writer versions encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  retrieve lines from lines starting with lines from a po file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  to   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a valid user address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates threshold entropy .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  detail']['message'] a list from redis database .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  debug   function
truth:  process   process

test:  perform an email .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  uses system on system .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  uses   reports
truth:  runs   runs

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns verbose args for running pyinstaller .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  show   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the users is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the contents of a request header and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create minimal sized with height bsgs base .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  extract   implementation
truth:  if   check

test:  show details .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   use
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to execution policy methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like string derived against python 2 columns .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  url   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect the list of objects of each entry in this list of objects whose instances are garbage .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  null   idea

test:  parses the path uri like the gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  return three integer from the bound key p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used by client-side and add its output .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  smooth   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  utility function to convert a list of list to a single string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing sentence from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a available information about available .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  if   unit
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the list of even elements of the given list at equal to the top level which beta samples by .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  read   list
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family for the family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to an desired file .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  formats a examples .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  square   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   child
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  ensure the **unit** .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two python arrays .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  reachable : hex color or an rgb color into the rgb color representation .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize until a template file has a current_page format .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the time zones number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read data from frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   check
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a set of files that contain a local path .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator for methods that fail if wanted error is not part of a pageviewrestriction .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a mac adapters object .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  returns the cloudstack displayname .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  display   display

test:  helper function for the cluster argument of k .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  function   otu
truth:  if   test

test:  wrapper around %store .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  adds the incoming name to a property property name .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  adds   query
truth:  computes   null

test:  all uploaded of nt and converts their original schema to a new schema .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario manager should respond with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   test
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape i18n :class: .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  a helper function to check if the form has an album field in a given class .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template string from extra data into a dictionary .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  common function that parses the arguments listed in the command line .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  function   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns value of the result in a little field .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations in facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   migrations
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  returns the string corresponding to the argument string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install an extension module in the gen_py interface .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the since database instance from a connection server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  string   string

test:  covert an integer into fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test tokenization utility .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  testing   result
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids of the exploration which have the given exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   pad
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sets up logging .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  assign   decorate
truth:  mark   mark

test:  get the registry decorator that marks a function to the specified registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  randomly to walk openssl response .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem with the name of the filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  merge the git repository of the git repository .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  to   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  start size for a line number that has line parameters filename : str or os-dependent .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  start   in
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call a c object with a given tag .
truth: add tag . 
test:  update   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the quoted .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos to change a users gecos levels .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a sqlalchemy key for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vdi and returns its reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the given function has been rewritten .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper to get a datetime .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ordereddict with the datarows header and the items .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up lights for vera content: platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts that an condition is true with a specified condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  checks if some music music is in the current request .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parses   manifest
truth:  stack   stack

test:  create the application dir .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert hex string to unquoted .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  decodes   chunks
truth:  given   null

test:  make sure the list of files are within a directory containing the path .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a job scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  replace slice values in a sequence of slice numbers .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats stack : none the name of the target option .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return number of items in 0 .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the current ports cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a number or a float to make it return an c{int} number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generates symmetric group of the first group n elements of the permutation group .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  base   base

test:  reload environment under cache .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   view
truth:  build   build

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  replace commands with line numbers .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  utility function to split a list of keywords .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  if object is an object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  if   markdown
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : str/bytes/unicode .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check whether the function is a common function .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper function to get width and pairs of users in the start: .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  function   like
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get filename starting with gallery if it exists .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   ipython

test:  filter scheduler filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  add a new role for a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  test   log
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to cidr multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   address
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log all log resources .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  tries to make the os from all the posix sum .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  get   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   f
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates bson mapping options into os x .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  version of check_output which are running and cleaning the result of a 1d system .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to change a classmethod .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  change   change

test:  new 2d data based on data .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute greatest factorial to f and the form of f .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  filter   univariate
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  decorator for estate that matches the url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  successive a readable swift acl information from a headers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the class specified by its full path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  github   github

test:  update chain_pem in all desired index file .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  update   addresses
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator to skip a test if a template result in an existing test cases are not in the django parser .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  used   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sort a sorted sample ids by sorted list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   otu

test:  check if there are any of the same targets in this package .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute pseudo-inverse between two points .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  show metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  change   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  random mime type .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  be   null

test:  convert two points into chance .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   mean
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class of a type .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   null
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks a large string using an integer .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if given reserved is valid or not .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  takes a cookie: header string and then extracts the values from an (x)html key .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a html object that is a csv method .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  content   package
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 or string if it isnt already .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test overriding straight functionality .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that json feature will be remote we have a pull instance for pull in the pull pull project .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  return   arguments

test:  request and includes a function out .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to protect specific cors requests .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the number of zeros needed .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a csr request to perform it .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  does   null

test:  return string containing the summary of the reuse_db state in the given task .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  string   list
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a child node of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  like   like

test:  take variables or string and return a numpy array .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute compute vertex q function .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a url to hook into social auth url if nothing .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign multiple positions to a single rslices .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert integer to four .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   angle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a generic tree with the specified expr .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  check that a list of lists are valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   add
truth:  perform   a

test:  akaike nested normal distribution parameters weight : ndarray observations of weight or cell range in the multivariate case of the loglikelihood hypothesis .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads all available home directory from the path .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  default   default

test:  the inverse of 3 .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  computes   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to return a copy of s with a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments parsing .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  show   parses
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the stats for the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a numpy array from a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  format format according to the sparse handler .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  format   call
truth:  get   get

test:  build the volume date for extensions .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  fixture   replacement
truth:  return   a

test:  list all available osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that value is an error level .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over the stdlib version in the given iterable of similar accounts .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this state supports grains .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   state
truth:  confirm   null

test:  compute the private callable methods .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is a utility function for the entropy .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   system

test:  returns the key that is passed into a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  split   split

test:  handle a trace function .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get new private languages .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  this will be called when the message is not loaded .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  order order for graph .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns: a substring with entity character names with entity entities .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  recursive   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode dumps to json so that it can be embedded safely inside html .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  hex   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create an ports for each group on instance given a list of ports ports but not yet exist .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test meta cache for activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  return   query
truth:  querying   test

test:  create all name .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  action a config dict .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  null   section

test:  quote the string containing newline separated characters .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  quotes   function
truth:  provides   null

test:  print |c| format .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  load a tree by the k-out tree path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the distance or domains into a given jail .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the number of individual chapters from the given l{instance} .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   stop
truth:  release   a

test:  move the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  decode   kill
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra file and stops monit server .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   remove
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache cache object .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean out the data field .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  clean   database
truth:  null   null

test:  encode strings by urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract the version of the remote file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete given image or id .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  check if the container is enabled .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all the alert elements from all the accounts .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parses a http response code and return a status string .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  read and return the api key .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  read   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an keras variable filled with samples drawn from a string and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  factory function for stack values in dictionary .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks a specific check if the given check has been relative to the given check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install assets to static device node .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   build
truth:  install   install

test:  returns true if text is full table .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   test

test:  sets the model for the specified category .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the given path exists and is valid .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of an verification model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  float64 openstack inventory .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  read in the temp table cli example: .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  read   null
truth:  generate   salt

test:  a program parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  block   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through the contents of a block through the first block .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  transform   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake test function that exists .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string of values .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class name from package with order values .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the return value for the pool pool .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mrjob filenames of a directory .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the difference between a segment and the closest segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clean out string to match pattern .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a file path in the default extracted by path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  code   create
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  write a line of the specified logs line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  writes   strip
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main program file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template context if the cookiecutter context .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best to return a list of term args: kwargs: kwargs : an integer representing the kwargs kwargs: kwargs : an integer number of term to
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a function (f(g(h))) .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  deserializes   null
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete text permission from tamper end with yank .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  run   run

test:  read multi-images data from one letter file to a file-like object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  write   a

test:  tests that the websocket gets created correctly .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  check the hash < 1 .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  callback used by pyyaml when a spec tag is suitable for unpickling .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  searches through coords and return vector of the specified shape between points and points at coords .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  tries to parse percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  split   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the pid of the process with the given name .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  get a module object from an attribute with a new name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance of the serial instance .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  import   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate string flags .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the oauth2 draft .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix of a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find a set of indices in the passed condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extract exception into the frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  error   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  return the currently active string or from the global application if no request is currently active .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the slug name for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a backing cache cli example: .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   run
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a text to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set deleted on a model or deleted .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   works
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command and execute a -o command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the list of items in the given object .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   standard

test:  test running cpuset of python set .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  detect   header
truth:  make   null

test:  add a new shell library containing libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show an image from working .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator factory to handle the function calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer from host-byte order to an integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a temporary filename .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  convert the string to a string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find the path in a resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove an email email from a user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a stream of the memory from the stream and returns a python object .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the current file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  return   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the shortest path lengths between nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   score
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the git branch with the current repository .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  gets   in
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files to three letter answers of each file and store them .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the squarefree qual number p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  queries the channel-picking *y*-axis session .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   uses
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert egg to egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  set   path
truth:  if   check

test:  set the shortcut of the current thread .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a extra_model_fields .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  compute maxdishes system portion of square root of a and upper .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a random string .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   list
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test a duplicate value cannot be inferred .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  fill text that is numpy array of text parameters mapping_f : get_connection .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a sampleid data into a human readable character .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random elements of the state with state and returns a tuple of .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   update
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the apcaccess module if haproxyctl is present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  set   load
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  moving   compute

test:  format a dictionary of ascii items to the module .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  format   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a freeze .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  project/create uses a snapshot file output filename for snapshots and returns its contents .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  rate   get
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  save a random integer in the table .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  flatten a scalar tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  wrap command with the selected timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  wrap   directory
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  view quick set: view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  check if the required system is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  check   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run this command .
truth: run command . 
test:  show   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates the items in the node and raises a dict .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by their binary setting the given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a input sql query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the cli marked as supported with the command line and the configuration .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fix a xml  .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  introduce version of getattr() .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  extracts a key from an entity .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  given a object .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  deletes   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  reference implementation of the versioned version .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load the api wsgi server from the loading database .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  load   database
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a createdproject load a createdproject .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file in the given file in the path .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read source table names from a provided table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  helper function to get the batch commits .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate a string containing a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  look up the attribute for the given path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  select   null

test:  set up hypervisor information from available .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  set   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks for missing style player .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  check   download
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  require the user to require a view to require a specific acl .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the input contains a sqlalchemy filepath .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  testing the output of verbosity 2 must show only the same names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a tower instance from a tower .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  dwindle an inset gcode file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the name of the directory .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform the current timestamp into the correct view function .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the auth from authentication entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  extract   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield files and all its subdirectories in this directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  short   directory
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the students page registration prescribed list comprehension csv files in the dump course path .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  has   null
truth:  look   null

test:  computes a set of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  find stats from dict .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test raw test data set by raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   estimation
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  process indentation spaces in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  make sure the backup not found in views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a relative data file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  create   html

test:  return the 'ver' selection .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the output length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  is the exponential function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  the main http header with an http header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a class or binary class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for right regex have .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if all plugins are plugin{}notfound .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for developer page name .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   users
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensure xenapi works correctly .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  bars the given prompt .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given course cache cli example: .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given value is an integer .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on 2013-10-04: url .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  move move to another topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  move   test
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the requesting class from the same set class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an instance of tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting inside the x .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   generic
truth:  if   null

test:  return existing class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  customized   class
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic python source file .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail message detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract a hidden file trees in the given file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file or framework string .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  get   file
truth:  null   null

test:  is constructor for aes .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  is   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get a key to be used when new registration .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   get
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes publisher to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  sets   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  utility to echo a simple set of equality model .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the items in the dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  redefine -> polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  execute command in src to compute .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  command   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write an email to an elb database .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   update
truth:  return   data

test:  does email for http descriptor .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  email   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all the thumbnail options with the same name .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon info['partitions'] devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value from kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  compute first boolean values of a and bitwise .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete the policy from basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  construct a mock object for the resource_type package name .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the session strategy for current session .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases releases with the musicbrainz releases as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   get
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a predicate that is a positive integer .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  is   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the group with the project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations of slices that applies iterations .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the first string representation of a python string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if this session action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes string to utf-8 .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  serializes   function
truth:  to   encode

test:  surrounding a string representation of a the safe safe safe .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   value
truth:  return   a

test:  path comparison .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  null   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  yield one of the iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the given model with init .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   a

test:  export commits .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   need
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an object from s3 and some objects to this object .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  update pyrax information from response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  for a given user id and a dict and a user .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start worksheet binded .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   python
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the app_entity_table component .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create and/or directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load social backend current backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a random subset of the given limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  create a list of parameters of the parameters of a list of parameters to the parameters provided : [ instances of each parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list of all elements in the matching selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  map   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert image to an image or horizontal instance .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the named user does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  find a new theano matrix where a tensor with sparse dtype is equal to the elements of s .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  represent a dask array with a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  dictionary   convert
truth:  load   a

test:  get the top hypertext from the "dir" categoricals .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   controller
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the module that corresponds to the doctest path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  log an error message with expected and a network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  log   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  get the name of the username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   return

test:  combine the language-code in the psychopy tag set .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a temporary directory cli example: .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  create   a

test:  copy text from one file to arbitrary text transaction .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  populate a book level of coords .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  populate   rbac
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that adds a post header in the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   view
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with listxkw .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  renders the unicode fragment that matches the given content .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the ssh key to be registered in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the metadata from the database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the subtitle extension in the given video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the data from the text into a single dictionary without units .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  merge   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  converts the given function to a byte string .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  compute   directory

test:  ask useless stabilize@register -> capital or unicode .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  join   null
truth:  if   null

test:  initialize a file descriptor for each inotify descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  change privileges process .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  change   encode
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  make sure the given xml element is an iterable of xml elements .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  pretty-print main task to standard json .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  forces   profiling
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that an image exists .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   images
truth:  ensure   image

test:  returns the relative url from the url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  takes an array of elements to tup: .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  index   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function to approximate interpolation .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders that are created by the tests import the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper for registering a function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   register
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates a list of available arguments from a javascript list of amis says it is saved .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  return locale in locale support .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  verify that single quotes of x is given .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  mimics complex from an axis to the floating point number .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  coerce   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  for saving or identity based on the path of a user .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets the repository range name and returns from the repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure that datetimes returns distance correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  calculate   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  covert whatever to hypothesis .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fdel -> usmm_csc_dense .
truth: like @property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  respond with the students page and vote requests .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the graph graph the chordal graph consists of the graph consists .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete and signs an cookies cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  -   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an block of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   update
truth:  create   create

test:  gets scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  populates url and adds images into the given object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  same as an argument in a subclass .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the latest certificate from config file and return a tls certificate .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object to a pickle form pickle .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  expand request into a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  expand   update
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure storage pool is absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a options file and return a dictionary of options .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   format
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path of the mock hadoop .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decode string with utf if possible .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified powerpath connection is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  tests insignificant model g .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a wrapper at all ansi player and non-nested .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  image the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that regression image can be set .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  test   notify
truth:  url   url

test:  test that a python object is a response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run an executor method asynchronously on a future .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  executes a standard deviations command with the passed name + |a|*u_{1}*v_{1} .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps with no directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote an int .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  strip leading whitespace in a comment dict and return a list of text strings .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  string   string

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   update
truth:  show   status

test:  return the converter from the converter .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  return   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  returns a list of the argument containing the argument directories .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function for all pdf of a sequence of pdf by a suggestions .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   models
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to pickle metadata from an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a relative file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure @roles role defined in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  attempts to support a binary string into an integer .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  list   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an array dont take in binary inputs .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions for a list of bytearrays numbers .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  compute unconstrained vector of unconstrained parameters n : array_like unconstrained coefficients of weighting .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  compute   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find program in the given directory .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   program

test:  update top-level .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether locale is currently used for checking for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return an base class or a type with a type .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  entries   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  set   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if filename has a auth class .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tests the given problem with seed + e^{-x}} .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns information about the users about the django version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  process   upgrade
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename follower .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  rename   interface
truth:  view   view

test:  hypervisor of a libcloud function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return data with the data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return virtual memory usage .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  allocate   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   api

test:  calculates the priority of pivot given a labeled row this implementation .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate style loss between src_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  function   find
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   upload
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function so that it gets called .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  sets the proxy for a specific tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts the exception returned by an exception to a real hypervisor .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  is   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return boolean array or sparse matrix by numeric .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  xml   samples
truth:  return   a

test:  return next or unicode() .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  expose   none
truth:  content   content

test:  parse metadata at the given code of each line .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  lists   code
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample dataset to determine the sample dataset is <> .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read compensation points from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   group
truth:  read   read

test:  replace raw or .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   a

test:  prints usage code to stderr .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  exit   hack
truth:  error   error

test:  helper function for sorted lists of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read lines of opengl config[ config file .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  look   information
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate an discrete centrality using the community tool .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  search   search

test:  print "printu'\\u data .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   latex
truth:  null   lx

test:  main fixture .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  from qutebrowser .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  gcd   github
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the object is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   user
truth:  makes   a

test:  return true if *uri* is found in g .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a single unsigned string to ordinal .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  general purpose python script .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  null   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders markdown flags and returns html combines used to markdown download_base way that .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check an rds option group .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a decorator which makes sure that the debug function is not a handler .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return a float with an initalizes spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  return   cmap
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return table information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   kernel_integrity
truth:  return   return

test:  this function ensures that reconstruction a dataset has visible .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  use   a
truth:  show   show

test:  test whether error is a valid error code .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  test   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure replace on full name name name full location name full peers in location .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask the app .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the exact interval of an object .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  does   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  md5 loglikelihood of numpy .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  place   connections
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a text representation of eliot text .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current time zone address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return information about a movie this minion cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a nsnitro device .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   size
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns an integer value from a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitizes older its possible to other proportions .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  align   utility
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a query encoded task into a dict with properties .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  post   post

test:  return an sane gradient of the current datastore .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to guess a unicode object .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  runs summaries on all commits in the deployment .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  features   remove
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generates the git package fdep if were not failed .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   file
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a backend status .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  import   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  tests whether tokens matches the portage rules .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  handle   none
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of tuples from a list of strings .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   query
truth:  format   a

test:  set backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  check what latest version is the terminal .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  send   uninstall
truth:  null   helper

test:  parses the given event and returns a question .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   events
truth:  given   null

test:  add or an expression to the ending form .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  add   return
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list all tasks currently being executed .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about a notification update .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set the groups to which a user belongs name username to set as list of groups to true to delete all groups to the user belongs groups for the user
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  set   change
truth:  change   change

test:  takes string with spaces .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  string   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that python python python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  join fields are definitely fit on two words .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  get the data of the datastore device .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new order' strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   strategy

test:  returns a ~astropy .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  streamissue the github user .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  deserialize   null
truth:  github   github

test:  verify union of security filters .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns default secret matrix used by the secrets manager .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  require   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a phyloxml .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parses   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of indentation of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   queue
truth:  return   return

test:  return the contents of blocks which are reported .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  blocks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of urls .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator which makes sure requests and call accessible as public accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm structure from the numpy ints file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  encode file to base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the aws suite .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  tabledata an input file to an existing directory that should writes the user and output xml file to the specified output using the rest .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   entry
truth:  write   a

test:  return whether the current "site" configuration is enabled for this site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is func2 that validates the values of a paginated set up the requested parameters or removing non-zero .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  is   linear
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  replace common replace how to local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be matches one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a creditrequirement on a node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write & .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   dependencies
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  retrieves a varable user from user_id .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   email
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if the vlan object exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests whether the start date in single single single start date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  catch   runs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of attributes .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a convenience function to nice change calculations of a given node .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   a

test:  convert the new repository to the open repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  odds : 1-norm .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  check action and create value of all images design .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  if   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list all the process_request schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  show   table
truth:  list   table

test:  tests using ipython completions .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the time zone to we have been modified .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add add to the module .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   optional
truth:  add   a

test:  marks primary instance methods .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a repository to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the "mm" client for a x11 system engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new document for a given document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  watch   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return standard order for order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  the main task to interact with dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be loaded .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sets the kinds sizes on a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  cache   cache

test:  print fits format kind .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  internal workflow for entrance exam an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   workflow

test:  parses the trees in a cdao file handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  breaks   up

test:  check to see if all databases is available cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  save   null

test:  prints markdown text .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  markdown   generate
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a path template path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  list   null
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from ec2 .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  merge all no susername removed .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  merge   check
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color to open .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  finds the lower integer in a square integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute md5 hash of the concatenation algorithm .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like os .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  strip collection from the path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  strip   gradient
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten an entry .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  does text update text such as string .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the chkconfig service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the median parameter labels .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  ensure the 'invalid code is present .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  error   error

test:  converts a list of tuples to tuples .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  decodes   list
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a duration .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  determine if the repository is in this repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  sets the tuple in incremental directories .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  replace server servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define binary resources .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   binary
truth:  define   null

test:  same as a + b .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  finds and sort multiple icons .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  finds   new
truth:  sets   property

test:  this function will handle --pretty=online content .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  initialize   changes
truth:  connect   connect

test:  algorithms of expressions of expressions or algorithms expr .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  ensures   system
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  class decorator for the decorated function .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   function
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of times b .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  paginator version of pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  list   list

test:  load the pickled object from the shared dictionary .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   a
truth:  open   history

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  load config from the device .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   read

test:  plot the current axes of a polar plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on webutil systems with macports .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  update docker docker docker docker timeout .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  open   program
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string of .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a path for the root of a file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given minc has no rheader? .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copies a file or directory to the dest .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  try   copies
truth:  file   file

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  convert a value for a string containing a valid string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  allow   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the negative summation at the 0smoothed of a 0smoothed .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  computes   send
truth:  compute   compute

test:  callback for returning a set of strings .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  called   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  a sane .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  calls   test
truth:  is   null

test:  given a sitemap build .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  null   locale
truth:  build   build

test:  constructs a facet from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  constructs   field
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type c section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  add a random image to a list of timeseries interpolation .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  add   update
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send an error message to a pillar .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  makes   dask
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return pspaces name from hex tag .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  strip generic whitespace from pattern whose isnan() matches the string .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  monkey-patch a cell containing newline records that the row type .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return an absolute path to the directory named filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  extract sign for blocking/accepting numbers .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  centers the twos complement of a value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a key .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get a name from the filename or item .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar loops .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   dot
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  provides an image info from the image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  display   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  handle an http command .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  function   start
truth:  start   a

test:  edit stream page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this is an asyncio-based function to assign a program to another setting of the given setting .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dwindle an inset gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  just like objs parts .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  send   a
truth:  split   node

test:  return a relative path for the xpath dataset .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the setting of setting for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the matrices by given matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first message interactively .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  read a docs suite file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  return a list of function with the given function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  return   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname in a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  check to see if the current image has a read of files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  update volume to update the volume to decide .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  update   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of bytes_length bytes .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the version of the daily headers .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   get

test:  adds items from database .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a task object with the given instructor and saves them to the list of tasks grouped by instructor status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  get   task
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed limit for place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the model label for all installed models and iterator .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that second is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  like elemwise .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  markdown   strips
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns unicode string or bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   like
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  creates individual index definition from entity_pb .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  creates   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids within a collection .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a rdbms database type based on the configuration object .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test the output of expected values for expected corresponding scale with the x and their corresponding scale value .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  error   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  most recent credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  get   credentials

test:  retrieves a service name for an instance which will start at boot .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple logging .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  sends   a

test:  test whether given layer can be compiled correctly .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find out an installed image .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  grab   drac

test:  try to find out the path to the current command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  signal to push notification for a course as a student object and store the task with push subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  to   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file contains a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  test running in configured ones .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  running   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a session object from a task with the given metadata .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  make   fingerprint
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd repr() repr() crack .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  create an action and returns the action hostname .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   program
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a dataset implements a unicode class .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  if   name
truth:  creates   null

test:  traverse the data from the api server .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  shows   code
truth:  return   data

test:  return the jobs for all models .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the fk4 matrix in an array .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the items in data .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  return   code
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a namespace name matches any of its length .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   python
truth:  destroy   a

test:  ensure permissions are not found in the feature controller .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  take a partial key and merge their corresponding low-level key in a protocol value .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  take   null
truth:  map   map

test:  get workers but write workers to the name of the user .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  get the query of a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a single file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the given timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs metagenomeseqs normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of current and return its output .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   options
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the sample count number in the human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in x x x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  for ipythons .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  null   null
truth:  required   items

test:  return the push for available vm .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  push   push

test:  example routing routine .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  list   rules
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  load the default template from the given series of data in the given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  write   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sanitizes self->arguments section of an iterable of hdmi_edid_file .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns false if the django configuration was enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  returns   bool
truth:  check   check

test:  set a user for a specific password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  set   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move back a character .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the release--desc--short' option containing the name of the files .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channel-picking of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   widgets
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry camera .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an iterator of nodes in the graph .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  split header file in string format to amplitude .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  split   line
truth:  insert   insert

test:  verify we can be set on a socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  verify   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances stuck in a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   return
truth:  depth   depth

test:  loads an entry from the given cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get the help list for all models .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert string to utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all length of a set of indices or half xdg_data_home .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  =   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  kill all signal .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  kill   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line in the list of lines but includes a string of indentation .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   check
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits loop .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  add   orbits

test:  kill the process .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  kill   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  set up keypress for keypress .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  gantt multiple parts .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  get dns input from a pull url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  name   a
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  sets the theme if the current theme is active .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the name of this proxy .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists of registrations that potentially contained in input section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  lists   escape
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  return a list of an image .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have been removed from the following arguments? .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  log   name
truth:  have   i

test:  search all words in trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  splits a string using a device .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  splits   encode
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a value .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to skip a function if variable:: fails .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a decorator that skips extra information about a test .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  send a student to a student function which given a student or merging management management .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  send   real
truth:  manage   null

test:  a helper for loading asynchronous type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get key/value package listing listing apps as a file .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sending message to simulate v1 to the room v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates file metadata .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  file   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a string with metric space parameters label : a plot .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  display   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  filter students users in the course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the text to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get list of ssh files .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  list   files
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a working command from a remote statement and execute it only if a watch command calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random key name .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the hermite reciprocal of the hermite interpolation .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  read in the machine-id .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  read   a
truth:  list   current

test:  returns a sqlalchemy query object for the given name .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a directory .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  find a data structure of a dictionary .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given movement of python and add them from the given pattern .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  avoid   null

test:  construct a new course enrollment for the course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  gets filename of the next filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   args

test:  this is a simplified method where egg has no egg stored inside the location of the source distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  is   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  all tags within the first scenario with tags column .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  test   scenarios
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the master kernel path from a ctypes string path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  get   windows
truth:  use   windows

test:  check whether the two strings are equal .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object for a given object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we dont crash if an logging level is called .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not properties exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   properties
truth:  get   a

test:  test decorator that raise an error if doctest is not set .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  reset   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render template with jinja .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  updates an existing path with the given path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  get   path

test:  read the position and scheduled string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  read   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of the module .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  return a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   number
truth:  fetches   a

test:  updates the sub-attributes with json .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update new user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  update   alternate
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value from a list of values .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  create a dict from the given request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  gets the version of the highest version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  remove the .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace for each observation in the time .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  plot   plot

test:  takes the given list of indices .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  collect and run tests .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  collect   function
truth:  display   display

test:  process all volume_types .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  queries   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  individual for updating signal asynchronously .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  get a string for an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  get   try
truth:  cast   a

test:  return the api time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  return   max
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get server configuration in a specific client .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get country of functions .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  downloads   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  removes the session messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email from email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this tamper script works * mysql notes: * mysql tested against: * useful to bypass the query afterwards invalidating
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  update all server providers by inserting a dictionary model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  given a url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  given   redirects
truth:  gets   null

test:  adds a extra value to the 64 table .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  permutes   dummy
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize approximate variables .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  initialize   seed
truth:  display   display

test:  return a string of words with spaces .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for api methods on the specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host processes that fab .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a randbelow randbelow integer into prevent not supported by urllib2 .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  get the circular g+c list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an action class .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   action
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the clique ring graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a local message for local movie-list theme with length pushes .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  set a recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  set   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of a * 1 parameters a : float32 the linear .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the openssl warnings requires the compressor warnings of a file .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a value for the elasticsearch config directories .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove multiple options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  split   split

test:  get the status of a specific port .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  get   state
truth:  package   package

test:  replace replace template .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  helper function to find the field and returns the values of a given value .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  function   value
truth:  remove   remove

test:  make an aware datetime from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculates the md5 hash of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper for constructing .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all entities associated with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  sphere the sigma coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate ascii characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register pelican link for validating content after it is generated .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  regression test for seemingly ensures that the form to convert or numpy array does not highlighted or numpy .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  test   definition
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the percentage of linear t .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds child object to a child category .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convenience method to get a code corresponding to a given error name .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a number of pages to any of the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the json object of the http server .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   template
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  deletes comment with given comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  verify that the root directory is properly used .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  test   test

test:  add enabled role for tests .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  assign   install
truth:  install   install

test:  process whether or not the given action is a valid action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   return
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address in packed representation to packed decimal .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   lists
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based op ids rather than names as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required vms .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to legal .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   new
truth:  get   get

test:  delete doctest waveform should be ignored to the jpeg module .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a tar cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the value of a notfound exception .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch lyrics info from candidate .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb from nzb if nzb is do-nothing .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add a value to the pixel list .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make a python file from a class .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set the disk state to value .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert produced to utf-8 string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   project
truth:  update   collections

test:  synchronization will prevent a single call of a given name .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns only .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  trace   trace

test:  tests that 3 works correctly handles basic subsequences files .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  test   test

test:  assign all string into a key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  assign   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate given loop .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  link   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  entry point for working with this function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  null   behave
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a kelvin .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  get the start time between start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  get   datetime
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a python object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts json dict to json dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  tries to smartly a boolean hook from hook whose versions of python .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  to   endpoint
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure that the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a previous mask which can be stored in a given string .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  remove a default group .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  constructs   wrapper
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function applies a median of a stack of 2d ordering of a stack of 2d inputs with an n-dimensional layer .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   merge
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  update an existing inventory from json .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne volume .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks for a line is an old version .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  look   change
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  retrieves an object in the given tuple .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  retrieves   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  check xml library of lms .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   python
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load the application error from the given error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  raise   djangos
truth:  converts   converts

test:  take an :class: .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  take   s
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the permissions to which the given object has the given object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a client with a given test with the given test .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   build
truth:  create   a

test:  create a django argument from a plain subclass instances in a list of chamber .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a generator to get all the files in the two-element :type writer_name: str .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line title .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  load an image in *fname* table from disk .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  load   back
truth:  adds   null

test:  handle protocolerror or .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts google .
truth: converts db . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  db   db

test:  soup to make sure that all beautifulsoup class mapping file representing lines .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  return the percentage of positive cases correctly .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular rectangular coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the given object has a callable object .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a widget name .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  given   function
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match the on-disk file ceased to exist after the on-disk file ceased to new file and on-disk file ceased after the on-disk file ceased
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a compiler compiler compiler from name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove users from source subscription on a file path .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  attempt to undo the default key from a service .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  add a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test bandwidth with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   variant
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  read the parserfrom config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   work
truth:  read   read

test:  tests if its documented / filename should be ignored .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache file name .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for writing when writing status .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   index
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the tag to be run .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check whether the current source refers to the minimum url-safe of a given list of tuples .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  given   a

test:  collect common character by irreducibility .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  collect   returns
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function that returns the value for a dataset .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  apply the branch against the git repository .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the profile provided model based on the configuration .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  set   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  we use this test if debugging is present .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram based on a absolute ndarray .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the possibly replace and save it to the dirty file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  download   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attach a delete service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  block   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to send from topic by name .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test that the python file can be loaded .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall the current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  turn   lists
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the matrix portion of a and output w vech(s) format into an array of weighted inputs .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a task to an items number of subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  processes   list
truth:  determines   number

test:  adds messages from a valid messages .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process the complex and task? missing values .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used a viewset that should be check for a method calls .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   null
truth:  to   null

test:  identity prior into individual coupled .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  queries the supervisor users by user and output_length the signature of users .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  queries   users
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   variance
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all ips in this database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrocompatible console ca version of the ca ca version .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the number of rows that have .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create rank from array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  xml   return
truth:  take   a

test:  try to validate a new ip address that retains fails .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make small slices of an array with each of position position in array position .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  warning   group
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  splits a string into lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend handler .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return all the host entries cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  return color color of triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for http_date and "wake a heatmap around a heatmap .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure that a user has been removed correctly .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if a and one are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this creates a warning which can be used to mark it as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  to   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  this function returns a dictionary of data retrieved from various letter class .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  formats time and time information from a zone aware datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  break up common points by spherical .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  debug   entire
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a new widgets administration widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some multiple import mappings .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  imports an object describing the command in which the approximate command student in /etc/init .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shows shows variables from template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  if   null
truth:  render   render

test:  formats an input variable to a time or a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  null   sqrt
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  try to guess a tool known tool keys from the tool shed if it is a valid tool or $ .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document to the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function parses a 'financial summary using reportstore .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  function   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  verifies that the file extension is small .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  verifies   filename
truth:  unzip   null

test:  helper function to generate a mock exception .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mocks   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that ['prop'] and set property should always be returned in any case of an properties .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   null

test:  checks a one version we can authenticate and walk with the most recent data .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete an existing gateway query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrices matrix from g .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an asus-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all changesets .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get geometry output from parsed output .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return a suitable application path for the auxiliary .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  shorthand for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   synonym

test:  list all dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  show   a
truth:  list   current

test:  get report report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  reports   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that we can train a model and train it on a few epochs on a dummy model and dataset tiny model and dataset .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse optdict type conversions dictionary into an appropriate value .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   function
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer integer integer integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic complex bessel functions of the first kind and the modified kind .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the requested topic component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check password for all metrics related to the provided distance .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  password   get
truth:  insures   null

test:  read msvcrtreturn .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  read   html
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country code following the given zone depending on this zone will be done .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  finds   sets
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount dev .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   basename
truth:  return   return

test:  test single line .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  used to convert network points to a string .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  to   position
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create and validate folders with all folders present in provided root .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  uploads sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  uploads   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  return a list of attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse of 1 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  with a cleanup name .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  clean   up

test:  return the result of data type catching .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  set all old page with given path .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  set   get
truth:  checks   page

test:  copy all objects in a given list of dask tuples .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  create   a

test:  function to decorate custom shiny credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a decorator for setting that synchronizes this should be used .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  find a template string in the filename .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  find   properties
truth:  return   a

test:  the main area of the axis .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the hyperbolic of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   variables

test:  tests whether callback chars no larger than dell no tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  pending   change
truth:  called   null

test:  get the sorted list of the pdb components .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct the django footer of the url .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  view   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates an source document .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  creates   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  make sure this test gets applied .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the titles titles from line .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  read   read

test:  return whether or not given value is a valid arbitrarily-long table .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the entire of the event containing the entire expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function to set a union of union .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert numbers from hex string to integer .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user to a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a fused .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  pick data from a piece of examples]negative .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  loads   mr

test:  helper function that computes the similarity of two g+c by tauchens .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  implements   implements

test:  factory for static-related .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an absolute path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the specified service is a pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method that loads subsection grades .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  null   info
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates not serializable json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 tag .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a static item with the supported item .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  delete packages with opkg upgrade .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  change   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up a function .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   multiple
truth:  url   url

test:  transform the box box with a given vector .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  transform   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  check that arr equal to arr arr matches the same length .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  check   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   line
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return true if name is sorted .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate a different value for an integer interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   documentation
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the esxi execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  check users headers with http/2 headers {"name": by id .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  check   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  find all left that are a tree of input tuples .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  find   function
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the app and move it into a variety of text objects .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  set   up
truth:  text   text

test:  creates a new network model with a uuid model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to delete messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  to   add
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power types .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the callables of the given callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  determine the base score values of one base score in the base of the base of the base of the base bases .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  show   null
truth:  bins   bins

test:  get the first node in the path .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  get   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the current request as requested by the user .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert mpl version string to values .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given an iterator that raises a boolean .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  chunks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adapt simple check for a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a mock patching a mock bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an finite inverse of np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that fwhm works .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   in
truth:  include   include

test:  test 91 latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   info
truth:  test   latitude

test:  returns a dictionary of the parameters field .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new modeladmin .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   notification
truth:  null   method

test:  replace the first element in the list that match the given indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   group

test:  returns the target declaration associated with a target context .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs the default coerce function .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  config   key

test:  create an :class: .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an html string to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  vector of x to only .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a user does not cause an delete a new one .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  delete an missing clsid to a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  constructs the list of the string name of the input name .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  is   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the encryption config file .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  uses   prints
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the hmac-sha1 code and a 2147483647 string .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  find an attribute of a search name with a cascading property .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert timestamp into string path .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   function
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  'request response trackinfo .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  process   response
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  yield successive sized for iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a set of sequences from the training of the stack .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the field with the list of values from the given field .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  required   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that bad setvif* compilers correctly .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of a given db .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity from distances .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch context .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  test   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an 'otherkey' validator that overrides the default data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  simple test for calculating fitnesses .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  generate   class
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  simple vigenere .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  check that last modified data has running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  login the rows in a cl .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  produce   set
truth:  log   in

test:  creates a message from a protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function matches a pattern or a string and returns a list of text after a leading text .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  to   text
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the history cache .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the arg argument to a single path .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns markdown text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  apply   html

test:  load python file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   null
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display a database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  logs   view
truth:  print   databases

test:  return true if the reactors based on where the equivalence values are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  null   null

test:  read case from a bridge file .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  text   text

test:  decides sample size test based on numpy proportions .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  does   confidence
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib integer .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   entry
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object that will return a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the user has no toolbar .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a checksum from underspecified string in network .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the simple lets filter page .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  return a resource factory function to attach an p server in the local host to a given host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  make some data for an event on behalf of the given date .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   event

test:  this function enables a test tests for every db connector .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  function   a
truth:  make   a

test:  display output from an org command .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  output   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decorator for calling the correct class .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  set a key in etcd only if the name is not enabled .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  set the default value of the current existing project .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   app
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of a file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons backup if not attribute we can find rights .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  to   set
truth:  perform   a

test:  writes out a config file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  store   information

test:  calculates two bounding boxes based on a random image .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the valid email that is valid that is not starting at the provided host and replace .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add package to the pkgs package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json serializer for basic type .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   object
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  for backends this is called from the url .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   temporary

test:  copy environment variables from environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  run   run

test:  is this a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize initialize a <args>" mapping file through all associated values and starts the same way as they were allocated slow :class:multigraph .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then decrypt a base64 encoded string .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the requested world sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prepare the input spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  write   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  given an object instance .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  retrieves   utility
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the connections[using]connection flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  generate classified macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   estimate
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager which does nothing .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  used to return the image from an replaygain .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a specific hypervisor in a chassis .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  let   null

test:  parse a datetime object from a string timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  parse   variant
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a child of a given sm backend .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted string to a datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a observer object .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   s
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  removing nrt_decref .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  preprocessing   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrapper around attendance .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud 'dns' .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the screen key from a blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets the mercurial manifest of a file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve the code code from a datetime or a python datetime .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test for a number of lists of lists .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until the state has a given value .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   up
truth:  request   power

test:  get the name of the user that can be run .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   get
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a kernel .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   create
truth:  update   update

test:  iterate over a client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  iterate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the string to an empty string containing a latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get the disk buffer in the registry .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   program
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the version of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open a function that is called from a working command .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  open   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  make the string result of [vhs][a-z]+ .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  based on url .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  based   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  write the current contents of the source file .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  write   length
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug on a name or exists .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  filter the schema that match a schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  read   lists
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create and initialize a document and all local name from the given node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a fixture that returns a github api .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  remove xml characters from the beginning of s .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  remove   cast
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extracts cookie from request token .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert wcs equilibria .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return an ascii representation of the same context that is easy through our add-on .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an order by comparing it in the http/2 order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively looks up all items from a nested item .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  collects   pillar
truth:  to   iterator

test:  return a controllers to the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a string into an int .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   algorithm
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the absolute mb of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  populates a template variable excluding a context variable containing the basket of a variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  apply two function of a i .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  apply   calculate
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   performance
truth:  color   color

test:  makes an iterator by optionally certain lines of the factorial by optionally certain items .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  calls   strips
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parses the yaml table data from the database .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get one response name from one response code .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a dict of data for a form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  raises a ~astropy .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel wheel files .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  ensure that .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  to   function

test:  build a query for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   field

test:  set set up general->editor info to a text inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  construct a string of an instance of last-modified locations for http requests .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a permission create the users x_{1}^e .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugin paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  sync   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an http response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of a tensor .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  returns the length of an object from a variable .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read the contents of the block block file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  this makes a dns key from accepting of the form reverse days .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 of the multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  confirmation view that displays a html of the previewed .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  used   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return a dict with an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  filesdigest a function which deletes is_default position .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  permission object .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  middleware   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a handler to reach a given qos - very specific port .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   folder

test:  response response to y .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns path to device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a string from a list of units defined by units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  remove a given rule from the provider list .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test regressor .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d patch .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import a package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the user is in django .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  verify   get
truth:  install   django

test:  set the initialized configuration in the client .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  set   gl

test:  if its layout has later .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  set an object to a particular object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  to   null

test:  encode s to unicode .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  s   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the bokeh palette for the application .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   logs
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  check if a tensor is a tensor or if it fails .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   number

test:  filter the list of items .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  filter   template
truth:  usage   usage

test:  compute min code of distances .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  compute   univariate
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check a string return a list of tuples .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns debugging frame where the first stack has a value that has gone its traceback .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the file name of the file in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  binary is group of n merge in binary expansion of n .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  takes   count
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of string by given chunks of like speech .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version string of the currently checked out returns: str .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a full features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a hexstring of bytes_length cryptographic-friendly secret .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   time
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the directory of an existing user location .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   path
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured lxc file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a file .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  custom representation of contacts for pipeline_object_overrides .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   workflow
truth:  null   manager

test:  create columns of same length as dict of defining a string .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from the label dict .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  creates the salt_interface platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  set   cover
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is no threading to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  release   release

test:  respond to skip a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  to   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the given network with the given network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  count   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due representation of given course table .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the dict passed in attribute .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the value from the folder .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get the manifest manifest for the given package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   path
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get information on a date in a target .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the restful and search for inline discussion entries .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part raw password .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  is this document an xrds document? .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  null   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge a result with an given sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw members from a target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an features message in a request .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  move to the current event buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  to   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query according to the database .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  gets the json dataset .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  gets   sets
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  returns top elements from an array of received elements assumes that index is at least two points .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a dictionary containing keys of an iterable option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dump traces of an isolating bandwidth of a tool_shed_url type .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  isolate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current host .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar spacing with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  this factory for finding etc .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test the string comparison of quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the value of the device .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  create a start asset asset in a given index .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  create   a
truth:  check   check

test:  allocate a new disk on the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string of a native url .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   like
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  given a function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a fit array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  like hopefully .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if path does not exist .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return the path .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all registered files within a directory and output them .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator which produces a function or method if skip is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial in k[x] to dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  convert   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a human-readable term to a positive term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of all images that are currently sorted .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dictate arma process parameters ar : float value for lagpolynomial of arma process in both 0 and standard deviation for *all* dicts: .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   performance
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this creates an app class upon the provider .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that implement the named pillar cli example: .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to an ssh connection cli example: .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  to   method

test:  apply an styles on template uploads .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  set   a
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it should extract the length keys from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns string unique name for given root .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on this node .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the given code is a string parameters code : str the name of the desired code : str or a python string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  fail   pair
truth:  null   null

test:  get the bitmap for the given image and returns the number of images .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   downloads
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object to use in the chain that break <= 0x0001 .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  write   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return dense cross labels for a dense form .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  move   size
truth:  adds   null

test:  perform any layers .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  perform   sample
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups that exist inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the standard deviation of a given parameters size : array-like the expected value for which heaviside have been added .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  gcd   sample
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis of x along an axis in an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the getcdlistdir directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid pathnames .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the cache for the given filename .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set current video filter status .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   new

test:  read lines of the device cli example: .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   coordinates
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a corresponding cpu cpu to the corresponding cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single autotest name into a package of the package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  render   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the cms for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  convert two probability operations to values .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  convert   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render an existing string data structure for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a file or a directory of a directory then an optional extentions .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  process   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the correct format .
truth: return the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the currently logged-in logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  sends notification email to the remote host and headers .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  sends   sending
truth:  renders   null

test:  decodes bytes from text .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  null   a

test:  refine traffic server using an epoch key .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dict with the last set of minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces all safe words with messagelength but replaces its name so they can be placed in this file .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the sokal-sneath shape of the array a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the learning graph to use in the default deviation of the graph .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  encode string to bytes .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  string   object
truth:  object   object

test:  returns the job name of the given job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  split line in customization .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  sql a string hash with given key and return a string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  unify   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  return shared variable with values of the vector .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  shared   override
truth:  initialize   a

test:  look for a files in the list of files .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  create a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  compute items of a private image .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  construct a path to a file using the file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  test   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the http subprocess to use .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  convert two images to the file .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  add   compatibility
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new random variable object .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  redirect traceback after some code .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  running   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: 'pathignore' uses/requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema on the specified host .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  returns true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the home environment to use for writing packages .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  takes input size and the input size .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  input   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  get the parent with the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  get   new
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch deete by pyopengl columns and test reporting .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  request   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper method to format decimal decimal objects .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   httpd
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  replace the latest version of no data form .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  build   a

test:  read a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns first with the page or reflected .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   click
truth:  list   list

test:  dummy function to present .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  copy   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  ensures that the context has been done on this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   null

test:  test column creation = value for valid output .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if g matches the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   occurrences
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the test is not in test .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  apply a rl_backward_char rule to a specific host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  apply   setup
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes one argument name .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add multiple data to the given edge in the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  add   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data to a siocgif* sampling cli example: .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  assign   mako
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if tld is not a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  formats an data type for data 1024 the proper command line .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  formats   size
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom in 'b']bottom parameters data : table .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a scalar .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the main part of the package is needed .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  post   post

test:  return a new figure with its correct setting .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  float float .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   s
truth:  sums   elements

test:  reverse category to the preferred category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if were running code at the end of the channel .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  context   illumina
truth:  to   null

test:  create a raw hash of the given key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator for modules .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   like
truth:  yields   null

test:  used as an iterable of integral objects .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  open a file at once .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  open   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any files in the given directory are present .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  files   files

test:  apply an attribute of pairs as a dict of attributes .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  function   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container from a container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  delayed to increase problem in --may-exist if parallel is not installed .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   parallel

test:  this function has been signed from a signed key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the versions of a tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  count inverse of inverse barcode in a sequence .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  count   a
truth:  build   a

test:  take country from country and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  given   one

test:  set or add languages in dll/exe languages .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get key from gpg keychain keys in key dict .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove around the data .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  is   a
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete cursor .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt the given sysctl cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the number of epoch needed by epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  do so that the next path is active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  single existing view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  dependence and merge a node with a given trust redirect .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  view   distribution
truth:  display   display

test:  return all data terms to a table .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a wx matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a given string of sha-256 hash .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  delete the .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns an instance of a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns all cgroup controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability n .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given encoding and return its debug .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  preferred   units
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a thresholds .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear detrending polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a time field from a string of fsm objects .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  time   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  initialize debug source and converts it to specify a file .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  adds a versioned field to the value of the model .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate batches of batches of images containing images of images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  given a list of loaded words .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  given   error
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a temporary script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  build the various arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   command
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a boolean if user has required milestones app .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  run app context manager connection info .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  called   watch
truth:  setup   docs

test:  get a primary key for the value of a key .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a session instance with an authenticated request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the the ip addresses of a service .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  return dot dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and returns a validator for option of type type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  the data .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  converts   payload

test:  converts a path to a revision object .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the big-endian pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature data from an lxml design .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f matches one or more patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return equation containing keys? between tensors .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   step
truth:  is   null

test:  create cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  check if a command is available on the system .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  if   application
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create a new seed dictionary from a 128-bit seed .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a name can be used instead of text .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  for a given node variable which strips all children of the node variable .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  compute the full audio output and save it in a video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  merges   video

test:  opens a cheatsheet .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  determine   ctrl+c
truth:  null   initializer

test:  decorate any repetition we represent it is different with characters .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse windows devices to broadcast as available in the exams .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  this function takes a wsgi dictionary .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  display   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the point of the loop through the line going left to the line .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  some decorator should be able to change a function at runtime .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  copy the event .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given an html page and a list of javascript files .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  given   return
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns a list of ip addresses for the provided ip address .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the derivative of the rosenbrock function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check two receiving bit this way to one of the size cli example: .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  configure   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  takes a particular datacenter in the headers .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require a django api only if the user limit .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into an random salt salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a string that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  given vm_state and task_state .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  clones a pseudorandom language to the mtimes if it is specified .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the default training needed for an standard loose .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   build
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns a class for use with a node id .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert between control chars and the native type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes user from a deactivated .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  see   user
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  compute values from a sequence of lists of values that are supplied .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  finds   merge
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns whether obj is a sequence of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  strips the microseconds field from a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   return
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  split a logging output list into a list of positional ips .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  split   package
truth:  package   package

test:  compute a descriptor of a peaks to a peaks .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  compute   call
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create or remove a **opt dataframe .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  create   new
truth:  set   set

test:  log an ipv4 address .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to get the id of this instance storage storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  run release entries related to git repository .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  make   string
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a given line of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes all unicode to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  this is a no-op .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  is   console
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   power
truth:  send   a

test:  set up an object of an object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   a

test:  list all versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of loaded renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a string to its keys .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create missing test for equations .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  link   null
truth:  url   url

test:  return a human-readable script requires a prepended instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud provider sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns none if warn() base base base base base base base base base base base .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   item
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the name of the global rack descriptor object .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   render
truth:  returns   a

test:  parameters epsilon : python module .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  module   connect
truth:  debug   debug

test:  call the specified usage .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  call   run
truth:  run   program

test:  checks if a filename is relative .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  display the two dictionaries in the dict .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  find the path with normalized paths and name for both imp .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check we have ambiguous indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the named container is in the dict .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clear critical dependencies .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mask of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  inserts new enrollment mode .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  inserts   course
truth:  append   course

test:  test that table table values moved to an existing table value .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of regular expression .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to allow imports to resolve and all of its category .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  link   netmiko
truth:  set   set

test:  convert recformat to base .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  powers   powers

test:  return summary manager describing monit name cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   a

test:  return the units enabled in the current thread .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  main function for the application .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the url of the user .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate linear unit function examples .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  initialize   detach
truth:  init   init

test:  skip test if were previously setup for this test .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  a decorator for registering an instance of viewreturn .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  show a warning to write warnings if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  show   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the node object for node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns first child of the node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the group is valid .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  serve   get
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to tile python 2 .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  string   string

test:  correlate correlation of arma representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   information
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  convert a logging representation of interactive in-degree with a simple and sequences:: .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  create   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get vlm_media instance playback name by name or name id .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  get   media
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clear all the review documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  handle actions along area .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  list the oauth user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this utility function loads a byte hexadecimal sequence .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  function   reverse
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port and port and port and port and port and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all root version in the unknown version .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the parameterized sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute inverse class .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  loop   return
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a string with a given dict that will be embedded into an well expression .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  [it[i] correlation matrix by storing it to the elements of a string .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for code objects reachable from code objects that are code only .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  return   return

test:  does token to be used when the default sampling method is not installed .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  token   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split out multi arguments and return a dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  value   split
truth:  split   a

test:  read the ip contents of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a test to notification a test .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group name of a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse parsers .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   accepts
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract two dimensional ]new ]new members .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  minimize the entire objective of a sympy objective function .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  points   a
truth:  result   result

test:  install the repository schedule with a defined loop .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  code   return
truth:  import   import

test:  sends remote email to your email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  sends   accepts
truth:  send   auto

test:  yield all the available matcher in the exploration tmux .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience method to get divmod of standard deviation .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the mount kernel cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  display   verifies
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  makes a list of evv quadratic numbers .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply dense polynomials of f in k[x] using the polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  gets the latest stats dashboard to the creator dashboard .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters into a dict .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  negate   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download pip exit status file using blank status .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  writes   download
truth:  download   download

test:  add geometric forward probability in datetime or all geometric operators .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  to   function
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime in a given time zone if time zone is enabled .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the list of an adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  convert two or more files and remove any two documents .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded framework framework framework .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a memoize in a function structure .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   memoize
truth:  is   null

test:  render a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   view
truth:  render   render

test:  computes inverse of two points .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   vectors

test:  the main function for a keyboard object .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return alembic credentials .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  turn all whole variables in a logger .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  code   registration
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  create a random id from the same length .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clear root step .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  get the currently set of aliases in the given alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   events
truth:  return   return

test:  stop an alternative function which unscoped the third form .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stops   null
truth:  compose   null

test:  get detailed keys cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a dictionary of text by a set of dictionary strings and returns the value of dictionaries with a set of dictionaries .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply constrained configured inverse estimate .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the oldcounts filter .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the average of the given moment .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale name .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   null
truth:  use   nd

test:  get the indexing chunks of a file .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false if mpl is installed and the configured version .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that the given namespace name exists .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion localconfig object .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  convert between two strings .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the ith inner product over the graph .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  parse a parsed response into an http response .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  payload = {key1: .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  =   null
truth:  get   service

test:  format a time .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler to set and clear_property resource from a specific more devices .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  pass   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  gets data that will be returned by the mapping of a given name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  null   null

test:  check if user gives an in-memory c{str} .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a ir chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from data source arrays .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the set of command-line formatting .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   file
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and y .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get or create a database in this database and add multiple fields to or list of data .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  get   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  get the zigbee device component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  get   configures
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns a list of numpy points associated with previous types .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  function   method
truth:  read   read

test:  return path to the file path of a module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates a number of characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  function   input
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a user .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the command line and console options .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the layout for the 'setxkbmap{ layout .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of the accept keywords .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of command from the flipwritable and returns a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  for logging compatibility .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a command and clear it if it fails .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  run   a
truth:  send   a

test:  list all registered volumes returns: true if the cloud provider has the same name .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from a s3 location and return the object .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  document   null
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs the bits of the bits associated with the current thread .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance of the set of squared values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the bug solution for a symmetric matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate parameters x : array_like the variance of the residual kind the distance matrix multiplication : int number of observations df_modelwc : int number of observations df_modelwc : float information
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images by images - filters - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  url   null
truth:  -   -

test:  create a astroid document from a node .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  defines a snapshot that returns the given snapshot with a given function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  launch   returns
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads an s3 file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  show the data from server .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  show   manager
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a askopenfilenames systems .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key key key key for storage requests .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  try to connect to a socket .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of all known scalars .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the observer plugin for each service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  write out an ssh channel .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  forces   form
truth:  read   read

test:  wraps query and return a proxy function .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  have   null

test:  test for a c' .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a phone number is valid in a folders across number .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes keys that are not found in consecutive .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  writes   handler
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate an http error in seconds with the given user_id .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  null   get
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  lists the version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  lists   server
truth:  return   version

test:  given x and y .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  return   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  reset the api request to the domain .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  join   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge multiple threads into a single user .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  merge   fetch
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of python source cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns in a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to format filesystem .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   network

test:  check that grid of grid intensity implementation are not equal .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  performs   in
truth:  create   a

test:  create the allocated authentication stream if a screen contains only a revision .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a ranges .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  find all activities for a given object in a no source file .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load service manager from type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  determine if a header key starts with and is given type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to execute a series of the init registration command .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  utility to get a project id that should be initialized by the non-zero setting the default translation object .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   python

test:  this method is for the inline methods of a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other points to other than other .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return tuple of length 1 .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features are present cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a list of directories .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  get comparison in a list of ints :return: a point that are inside the other .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the first element in the list all first resolve all first element by the desired task in the specified task all first .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a mock for the current linux distribution .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dict from a read dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  turn a remain .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a >= l .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the configuration is a valid private key .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double range into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  write a downloaded handshake to a file .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test regular expression y is properly found .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  retry manager .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  if   tasks
truth:  return   python

test:  return the connection with the default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a bit argument into explicitly .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  turns   assert
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  returns the relative path of the data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  are   following
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into an existing dictionary d1 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   values

test:  format a generated link of a url string of the file system metadata and push it to a line running .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  format   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a utf-8 string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete items from the given key .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize console .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  create a python object representing ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  takes a string or unicode string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   slashes
truth:  value   value

test:  makes the entries' from type to a shape .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml input and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   items
truth:  parse   parse

test:  makes sure that a model in data model is not used to allow launching the osx ipython table .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme for given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a user users log file name for the given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test intervals against samples design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of the startup script cli example: .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut for the named vm .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip the prefix from the filesystem .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  gets authentication tokens from an auth backend and validate it .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  get a volume type by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compatibility collections strings containing values of sequences of strings so that have been removed .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  bind   object
truth:  returns   a

test:  do not appear in the mean .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  do   column
truth:  check   check

test:  publish the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  save a simple model on a single yaml yaml yaml format .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  patches the jid to the returned exception .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert html characters into template names .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  update the configuration for the mysql log file .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  indent   standard
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to sanitize url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns mentions string representation of each file .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  get   return
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate number of jitter based on a backoff policy .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  show the specified data with the necessary data .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  extended   handler
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line with an empty serie .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   line

test:  sends the path on a remote machine .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  send   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove duplicate elements of input matrix by default .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get tuple of hostname .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of files from a given tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   path
truth:  find   find

test:  get a new container by id or name .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of regex regex for regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  send an ssh query to the given parameters .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  sends   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the package in directories leading up of the given tree .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  compares   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  get a number of digits .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the variable of variable variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  code   code

test:  generate s3 task information for a course and enroll to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  upload   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compares partitions of _thread .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save disk progress information on given instance of disk .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  adds a pipeline to the pipeline using the given name .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get an initial document list bond5 of document values .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  to   document
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return executable from the package database file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   null

test:  delete code .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if int is equal to the ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  if   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send a u'notifications/reply summary details .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  update   null
truth:  send   send

test:  measure runtime prediction of the whole prediction .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for a registration exception if it has read enabled .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  decides   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  start a new document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  color   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  form the given response messages .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  adapt   get
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood of 1d features .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt an input data using ssh key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypts   text
truth:  text   text

test:  run a wsgi application with python 2 .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging messages index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if the object has a permission on this server .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the end option is mtime .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the backend that can be used to determine if the backend is the current backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the flocker memory object from flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a list of floats into a lambda function .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with an image .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  any different handler of gar .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a datetime object provided from a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes vtype distance between two n-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  replace the last plugin with plugin package .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  replace   uses
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update completions that have been enabled in the issue .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use comment spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   imports
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  make state with '/'state if the state requires state version-specific .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get the result of a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  respond to rendered shared form .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  unicode   root
truth:  null   page

test:  adds or fcm to the real url .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if optionally tests for a unittest filename for comparison .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a hash containing the anchor moment from this file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  parses   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  a sequence of stuff .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  escape a string for use in a single given value .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given graph node is a graph in g .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  compound : simple_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  handles the score and client_secret all users to the given course .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  handles   waits
truth:  create   create

test:  get the entire path you can be stored in a list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  null   max
truth:  get   get

test:  yield all permutations of a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 der der der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  replace any sequence elements in the locale .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  replace   locale
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if there are any of the given plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid function :math:varphi(x) = entropy + e^{-x}} .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   normalization
truth:  cross   cross

test:  get the path for zmq path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  parsing   change
truth:  set   set

test:  called without any webtest .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  called   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only return if all the modules are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections in the participants position in the template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   information
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   object
truth:  avoid   null

test:  gray-level and validate the expected correlation matrix .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  find   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  test that python module can be loaded .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   selection
truth:  make   null

test:  return endpoint access path .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a dictionary with keys specified to contact objects and values as contact objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if a previous command is still entity_pb .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  join   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  import all namespace and push the decorated function to be deleted .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  return the password to use a password using a password or password .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a kivy method that takes no toolbar .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a full system upgrade name of docker upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file on a specified form cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  merge intersection of the label and kwargs .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  named   add

test:  send email with recipient link .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   send
truth:  context   context

test:  create an array of machines that is not a list of machines .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a single version string into a oo version .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return dataframe records from statsmodels .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   download

test:  if the given node is a comment node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique counts with unique indices .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the flags flags is chosen with this job .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  if   null

test:  return a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  format context manager that validates context .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  context   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  display a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  display   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command and add a standard command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   rac
truth:  command   command

test:  compute the primitive newton with respect to the series expansion .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a directory to the users widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  compute the paired distances between the vectors in x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  transform graph frequency parameters url-safe : ndarray graph .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  separate   algorithm
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked column can be initialized .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if string is a string of the form: .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   implementation
truth:  if   test

test:  generate a sysctl address for the given oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute frequency arrays .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  compute   container
truth:  pads   null

test:  prints the given summary of this script .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure list is an gcode procedure .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the function used in a future .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the ongoing ip addresses that should be sent to the appscale akismet .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  validate   user
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets temporary file .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert network rois check into an image .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the time with a simple steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether a package is correct .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  if   path
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named launch alarm is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  transforms features into an object .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  detect   helper
truth:  generates   a

test:  this is a single table where the table removes previous grouping => both the format .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   files
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  test a regression unicode objects from the same result .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all closed closed nodes .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  a handler for cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to inline allowed .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  parses   a

test:  set an email this interface creates a direct replacement for smtplib .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  add a message to the firebase server .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from plugins .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a resource by id .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a json representation of a node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a custom second estimator .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  test   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant return its enabled subdomaincallingformat if one exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends generic wrapping .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse the network details of a different filter .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a named named help file from ie .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  returns object details of object from a resource type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  object   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  removes a path .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  removes   directory
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize filename .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get test changed tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and transfer the last location nearest nearest nearest loop from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  start bench upgrade .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  change   list
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown the system after the given time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  handle the 'delete' request .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a valid integer .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process a shortcuts using http shortcuts .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all paths that have a key .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  stats   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is intersection of g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the html page encounters a different tab .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  display   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a django api calls .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the gpg file in a given key and level its gpg .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   function
truth:  verify   a

test:  transform extra transform using geometric format .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get fingerprint on a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  new servers for sqlite3 serializable .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  updates   parses
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return the request with the metadata server .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  unreserve a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   info
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces index of a text with half common whitespace .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  delete common samples for each setting that has the end of the website .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  running   null
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of sequences of the version .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return pillar data from all available vm cli example: .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   pillar
truth:  clear   null

test:  shows a default object that will fail its default object .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  config   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a '[endless]'h .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over all file and includes a dict of all ebs .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return mounted mounted on .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  make a directory with a configuration path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the wsgi application that overrides the format: .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  set   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   loop
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the notifications supported in the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string class this function .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to skip test if method is missing .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  buckets all datastores in opennebula and the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  queries   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the current default .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   current

test:  return a single string in python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  =   =

test:  return the set of volume statistics .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the attribute of a dict of attributes to a list of dicts .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start development web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  start   development
truth:  run   run

test:  helper function for lx existing calendar .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  function   view
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the average random number between 2 and 1 .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create valid listeners .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get path from an global instance of file .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete 8625e03 qme .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  create a small test of specifying a time generated by the required terminal .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  create   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a wrapper around func .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  func   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  mode or raises an exception .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  try to run an salt://_returners version of file in the directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  =   search
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either element or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   null

test:  helper to display the bound cache for the input string .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  to   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a matlab command with an input file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  applies   graph
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a new process that should be moved to the process .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update the latest database to an path in the underlying database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  unplug   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a new enum subclass .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the sqlalchemy database record .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  run bears with the specified files .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  run   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a unique key from the current environment .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the grep contents of the backported log file .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove paths that are not double quotes .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  returns the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns unused port on localhost and the open port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a dict with name from the current value data dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  create   copy
truth:  makes   a

test:  an os .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   path
truth:  get   get

test:  set the direct connection to an object .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the value for a __init__ of 0 .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  retrieve items from resource object by resource from resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the python build file adds only .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance of the instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  convert   strips
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration instance by id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 300 of dask array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   pair
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  changes a dictionary with prefix from a given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  getting   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the aws service and its aws service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  find the total postfix postfix file with some web application in the path .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   instances
truth:  complete   null

test:  temporarily remove the entities of a given object and then pickle filesystem .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  function   function
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  helper for request - request wsgi wsgi wsgi app .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that presence are created from the url parameters ignores test .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  to   use
truth:  test   test

test:  add a sitemap that is created .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cumulative density that contain the call to contain density .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the decorrelation returns the bundled decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  returns uninitialized of a matrix from a list of arrays .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emit the event usage usage usage usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  emit   events

test:  test calls errcheck function .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   failure
truth:  verify   null

test:  set :app:pyramid color codes in a jinja2 .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  set the cr and index for the current thread .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  set   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decrypts a command line port .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a name for a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  check if type only supports type / supports mssql .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a list of python code for a python template name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generates   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the root root of an expression which contains positional args .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  format an user url for a given user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  format   return
truth:  default   default

test:  determine if the string or a string is either an selinux or a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  if   null
truth:  leading   strip

test:  convert a references: or string into ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  c : template mandatory instances .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find a text formatted string into a text object .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  fact characters with non-overlapping unicode character .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   null

test:  compute threads of a 2d array of threads args: args : callable array of threads contain the sound or dig threads to compute the expected value of the values of
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   database
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create secret instance to set secret by secret key .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if yum is set to find all buckets in this secret .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a regression where we can load its contractive .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  updates the request to an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  directly return a loader directory .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  returns the data stream cli example: .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the file prefix from the beginning of a path uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list all info that are supported by the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  return   a

test:  force data for evoked .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  source   null
truth:  evoked   read

test:  loads field but not builtin configuration if were not builtin .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  apply a template tag .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create the right expression before displaying a exists in v2 .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  null   name
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  executed executed executed executed executed executed .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  running   code
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a document .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a base64-encoded data into base64-encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate temporary directory and closing img' arguments: filename: : file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  html html escape for non-unicode mode .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  null   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  the date from which year start at the start of the given year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  replaces -> iterator repeats the values of a list .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  replaces   find
truth:  pad   pad

test:  apply endpoints to text .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   location
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain or an intersection domain name .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_assets page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method in the package and run all namespace that the executed module will run them into code .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes the input data to c{name_or_file} .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get anonymous anonymous cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  get   groups
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get the default id of the current process .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  utility to check its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   representation

test:  decode a utf-8 string to a file .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  release release emails from db .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  release   keys
truth:  returns   a

test:  return system monitor allocated to the beginning of system .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the portion of the boolean array in ascending order of direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return whether a function is migrated by args and its args .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the name of the current state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   process
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a single http http header into native http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a random subset of "b" elements with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a callable and return a dict .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the value of a wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists by default .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract command from the chain .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for inserting x .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  set   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a timezone .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  combines a list of elements into a where elements of the second element is the integer or callable .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the default price list for a list of default price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the text against the given html property .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test conditionally invalid values .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  require   config
truth:  config   config

test:  find a median enum volume by name profile id .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  get   up
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the standard vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free sort in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a range of an travel list of dictionaries for logging .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm alarm platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit or language-dependent name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media interface .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   update
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get job json distribution .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get the necessary editor .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  get   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  checks correct command to run tests with missing checks .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  extracts one or more filename from a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  replace   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: connection transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  write and update one or more than one engine .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create all the metadata tags associated with the metadata parameter .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  run the most common to download and return its output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   function
truth:  command   command

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 convert some numpy version to a numpy version .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  stack stack on stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test channel-picking raw element of kit .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow users root to use .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple case to be used with a converted name .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   method
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract the whole sentence string from an array .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a desired priority name the master to the desired priority .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  create   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip this plugin introduces a game command line at zulip build .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric of tawn binomial estimator of theta taken - theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   logistic
truth:  mixed   null

test:  get the line at the resource at the resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  the most recent table overlap the form will be either a string or it is defined .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create an email address .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the path to the mercurial file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   script

test:  find the group id from gid or group if found .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  find   mask
truth:  convert   convert

test:  update the clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  predicate that returns the predicate in the translation .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  predicate   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the wsgi application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  format a parameter in varnish cache .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  put forwarding .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sure a path is relative to json .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  replaces a plain-text version of the function that looks like a database .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change the email to new email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  change   sending
truth:  given   a

test:  see common/js/components/views/feedback_prompt .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  build the generator to build optionparse into the main checkout if file is not a single generator .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard return the right location details in the hierarchy are found or none in the hierarchy a desired standard way .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a file through a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  write   path
truth:  write   test

test:  test datasets utility .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  do   null
truth:  create   a

test:  attempts to parse unread messages from a user object .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks node ami ami .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  build   indices
truth:  null   nodes

test:  returns the migrate average of the given command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the arguments that the arguments satisfies the specified arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts to the vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an iterator that will be returned by n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  yield file handle offset in a offset .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  file   function
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return partial term .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  left   null

test:  yield a temporary file object based on the current machine input .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show error message useful for small .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  show   print
truth:  null   method

test:  get code in the given module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  code   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  updates the latest cache tokens .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  verifies   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a account already exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  username   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  prepare the subprocess and make documentation .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  asserts   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return a systemd systemd directory .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   twitter
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose a sample f*x=0 with two elements from the chain in the form .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  lists a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all images with the images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a parameter .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get all instance regions by self-test and return a list of instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  get   api
truth:  report   report

test:  convert the module-level functions in both python and the endcompare tree .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  map   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a run-length encoded string to aggregator .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test various tuples of non tuples .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a string representing the tree of an absolute list .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  lookup and return the value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  lookup   function
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb platform .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates chdir cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular dot .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the class for the existence of a class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get information about the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  returns true if the processs second is a turtle response .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  selects   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file by pci and mac address .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all zones zones by or all of the given zone cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  get   everything
truth:  list   everything

test:  sets the typename pixel operations of a given image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  null   version

test:  add grains to the grains from the signer command .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  work   field
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a nfev .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get a large string .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  wrap a function in a thread .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  retrieves   call
truth:  function   function

test:  create new environment define define a config file .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  represent data structure using yaml file .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   username
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between the wordnet distance between the wordnet distance between the wordnet is present .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert [x into an epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload a parsed policy config .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parsed   function
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if partition exists cli example: .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe some engine handlers .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits the transaction manager into a default one of the transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  calls   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert a python integer to a list of int .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to get an instance from ec2 context .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   info
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro attribute data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the username and password from a user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a match in plain frequency string .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with the introduced variable .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  tests that the version string is an int .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  run settings .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  settings   widgets
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns all logging task to use .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load or load parallel entries .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  doing   exception
truth:  error   error

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  to   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  count the then i inside of various in the body: .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  count   step
truth:  null   i

test:  search all registered oauth parameters .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  look   up

test:  plots raises overflowerror .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  call   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns the current line number of the file currently read the file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a long integer in n from ascii string to an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  converts a user credentials to a mysql cli example: .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix using random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   update
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  loads or pil .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  reads   upload
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  display   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list and its value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert decimal set of multiplier to attack .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  compute   method
truth:  null   calculation

test:  show user profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  show   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   function
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django django server to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  create the python module .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the name of the magic datastore .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of rights that the given user .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  counts the daily contributions of the contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a bytearray from a equivalent indication value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  construct   convert
truth:  null   parts

test:  return form of a filename and a filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path in the list is inside another loop in the other loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall packages using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a new model when non has non describes a trailing model .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a string representation of the given user .
truth: print line . 
test:  get   value
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the value is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts a crt relation string to binary value .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct a url if such that can be present in the url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  converts hash from a space or unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a numpy array of linear lag filter .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   function
truth:  order   order

test:  disable all bytes in a proxy .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset list of keys .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  filters   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the os matches mne channel .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  walk from the error handler .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function function that returns a dictionary of decorators .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary keys to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience wrapper to create a vfs .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the average over each column is the ratio of more in prediction and fp fields .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   files
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if the ip address is a method of the command method .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts a timedelta object to seconds .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  remove -> x remove all configure of a type .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the image to the entire image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  change   change

test:  default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  null   a

test:  check conflict line info from python-gnupg directives .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the entry definition definition cli example: .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  converts a file size in bytes to long bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open a file thru the reason this is kept .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   returns
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the default app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  sets   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  utility function .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  function   variant
truth:  converts   v

test:  save and remove an unspent/fetchtx/pushtx .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  sync   config
truth:  set   configuration

test:  ensure images cannot be created when creating a default url is created .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  installs   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  save an draft search for the draft .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  save   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  print all queries available for the given query .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a nested response object command into a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a signed '47314252 to one integer .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance matrix representing the following: matrix parameters indices : int number of points in array indices of array_like .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify and/or directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   check
truth:  create   create

test:  returns data containing filepath with filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list/tuple of reference .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  find   a

test:  like user/group .
truth: on windows . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the tool has a database that has the same name .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull the received repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  makes   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  echo files to echo .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  files   run
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage device to attach an existing server to the new server .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  attach   a

test:  a decorator to declare a function to be a boolean .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  cross   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  build a sorted status statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  build   multiplication
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the targets in the system path is an targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  search   search

test:  decorator for skipping test if module is true .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  apply @todo: create command line options .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  mocks   decorator
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  the inverse of the controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  provides   null

test:  get the current device config .
truth: given a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the results of clusters that can be on a given network device .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a table in an first .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  rename   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  utility function to format the result in a nice string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  function   data
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display all the debugger .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  display   print
truth:  starts   null

test:  get the name of the users policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by the task with the given name .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  move the virtual repository to the vm .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  move   delete
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost retrieves database databases .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a users cohort for a course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  given   a

test:  load the device that can be stored on the device .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes python objects that need to be embedded in python .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates thumbnail flags .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  create   a

test:  this function implements the main function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compile all llvm tables in the python .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  replace all the composition of their model .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  given   a

test:  make the git float separator .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  convert   os
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a representing stream instance into an offset .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  gives   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a "similiarity log dataset that is described in rseed and breiman .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the urlconf to check if the url is used .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the ports records .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the requested variable string from name .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  gets   find
truth:  get   get

test:  collect up a path of a directory .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  archive   sources

test:  return a set of color that adapts to html color .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  constructs and returns number of logging files from the stack .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  svn   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  delete database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert unicode or unicode to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  interprets   tree
truth:  to   convert

test:  sort a != key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  sort   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if all patterns matching patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  matching   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a new config file and set up to the config directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  set   a
truth:  move   move

test:  reads and returns the runtime-editable config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  function   information
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid history or if the history were loaded correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the cohort has been selected by looking for the group and then ensure that the group .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the time a specific time .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  time   get
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a docker subscription path to the topic subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  extracts http auth response body from the given iterable .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get metadef tag count or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  restart colors from an http snapshot .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  args: filename: : expression view decorator .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  include   string
truth:  substitute   null

test:  walk through each file used by the normally and equivalent level .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  return   return

test:  mark a test if a test has the same test as a attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   name
truth:  decorated   null

test:  pick pick for computing 2-element start and update data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  pick   callback
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sorts key function .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorting   users
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get the current routing mac address cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  applies multiple tuples .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a room and then convert it to a room .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert hex string to long or a line .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  'dev only errors whose vendor starts a known file .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  watch   method
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return datetime object from hour or none .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  generates   entry
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all available details of the specified vm cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a variable is an infinite integer .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  given a cache exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   update
truth:  given   a

test:  parse all lines from the assigned cache it .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  update   run
truth:  gets   null

test:  export geojson[p] of facility data .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  export   crud
truth:  create   create

test:  update the .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  update   update
truth:  write   a

test:  select an index for a given array .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  select   code
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person the person number of person - a person with person records .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   users
truth:  null   null

test:  show a question message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  switch of a variable number .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script set pending build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <custom+tools+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  original risch of a request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  fetch the current user with request .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  fetch   widgets
truth:  get   get

test:  the tool shed method that are installed in the tool shed to the type of a repository .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression * expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   expression

test:  construct an admin list for a given url .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  uses   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a generator of lists of strings .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  change system effect of epochs cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  look   get
truth:  return   system

test:  return the default database object .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  return   value
truth:  creates   null

test:  fake a random string with the given number of random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return edx-notes-api network urls that can be contained in a url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  create   user
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if field has unique ids .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds the config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the virtual virtual disk spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  some caching .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the matrix exponential .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  ensure that all commands in the parallel node is found on the given node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  move   null
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a new app from the current site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstall   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the standard error of a .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  takes a path from the cursor to be used in the current language .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  looks up and displaying the result of a substring .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  null   return
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with an one selected serie .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  expand the root rows for their associated rows in the root .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  return the site-packages functions .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks an error for an error message of system .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in k[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   algorithm
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the csp specific policies .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  return   method
truth:  to   method

test:  return a factory method for an ssh machine which will respond to a given namespace .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find any file to the given filename .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  find   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade a info of an upgrade or from a specific package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  to   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  this is a tuple of documentation for category types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily change the work of the given exception .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  load the user formats from a sequence of tuples .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the config can be a whitelist and has modules .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  like the string in the given string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  like   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns last line set of "pattern_iter" .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a json request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is needed to the same answer .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  have   null

test:  cache the file location of the cache .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the data centers for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a default ui connection with default julian method .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  dictionary   users
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  helper for escaped that strips html tags from the output .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   link
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the name of a boolean .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add new values to the simple subsystem .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  create content content in two name format signup_form .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   create
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  get   entry
truth:  insert   insert

test:  return a list of all ports sql server .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  return   reset
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat the function calls .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ping the mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  required   a
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  helper function: blocks that will height and height a given number of parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  builds a partial tree file .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs binscope @todo: why google cloud storage .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  installs   read
truth:  install   install

test:  simple rules for soap soap .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format a list of message sizes into a complete list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert between the current default state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  regression test for url ensures that the distance works as the neighborhood-setfunction .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  process a list of files and prints a message .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  process   null
truth:  if   a

test:  convert data to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  tuple   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the warnquota command .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  get a renderers class and construct a dictionary of know .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  create an 'commandline'args object .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   f
truth:  helps   null

test:  given key config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  given   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  add logged in python 2 .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  add   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  takes a string or unicode strings x and returns an iterable containing all tuples .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  adapted   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  limit paths from the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   attribute
truth:  resolve   null

test:  iterate over text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  the triggers attribute should be authorized to send it to a collection style action .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  dumps the root dse schema .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  wrap a function to re-authenticate and return a deferred .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the command line argument to determine line .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assign a private key to a private rsa key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the linkage corresponding to the linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete user accounts cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  display   get
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of hosts in host database .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  compute the instance of the specified block func .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract parameter limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the first 5 of a second .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test for api handler .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  request   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  check that the directional is an integer with good log and the exponential instruction .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  stop   network
truth:  computes   null

test:  format a job and return its ref .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  kill   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if lockf is in lock .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  lock   a

test:  get selected state strings in the selected number of selected words .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  config   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  helper for circular angle between two proxied .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  adds   nodes
truth:  function   function

test:  execute ldap load and read the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   hiera
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts argument list .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert an expression to a headerelement sequence .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  return a hashlib dict describing items of obj .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns all epoch of the current time .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  internal helper to create partial elements list in the list .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  yield   batches

test:  transform tax amount of given iterable amount .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  transform   calculate
truth:  added   stack

test:  update the string to match the addon file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  update   processes
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with various keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the initial component of pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  updates index in syntax .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   time
truth:  updates   course

test:  compute an singular or an integer by a complex cholesky .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   code
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the code tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  build   build

test:  raise actions for task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to set the warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when an error thrown .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill the plane location .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  insert   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  the ast should cause a ast list for ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a user object from the identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a hashed string value .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns the union of graph in connected graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator that will generate "keys" samples of the given number .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random string with given chars .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   test

test:  return unique inlines structure from pandas inlines or an array of integers .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an ad upload for the upload .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary of metrics from node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration and opengl configuration parameters .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for salt cloud storage .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere of sphere info on model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   name
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  get information on a given freebsd + id= .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  make a tuple store .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear templates from the current model .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   fetch
truth:  clear   null

test:  validate and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  tests that the tail list of ints elements .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  split   split

test:  tests that you cant be removed after a store_fs .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the list of service items from a dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  list   list

test:  copy a list of source strings from one target target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a steam file in a list of indices .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: marginal check results from the build as proxies .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an endpoint from the desired endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the given frequency matrix .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function checks to see if the configuration option has been removed .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test underscores .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  quotas for status_update associated with dataset .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the minimum value in the input array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  concatenates   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add the point to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check random comments .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic square-free bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  join the users preferred backends .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   form
truth:  reset   reset

test:  coerce background completion to the given background array .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  verifies   resize
truth:  to   rgba

test:  helper to create a :exc:assertionerror class in the current thread dispatch will be called .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   python

test:  dataset log .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this is called by the mode .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  configure   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   row
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check the given observations of a specific observations .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  render a custom certificate input with a html page .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   view
truth:  picks   picks

test:  gets the length of a sequence name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  check   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  make json representation of json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the underlying probability space of a random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a list of year .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  return   a

test:  create a fanout and returns a matrix of tensors .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  validate the systemstat partition that was located somewhere between start and end .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  rescue   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the log moments moments of a list of integers .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   dictionary
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  decorrelation fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   fastica

test:  like full path to the file or a list of strings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  detects   run
truth:  try   try

test:  split the average needs to work during the new activate .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  copy   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline from the given key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  removes   null

test:  return whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of the output that are completed to a given output .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  same as they are using the same .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  list the currently installed environments sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the hdfs url for a hdfs or an hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all projects that have been created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  retrieve   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  make the obey over the current request .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  make   permissions
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a missing table from a missing table and return a purges .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  resolves the specified connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  to   return
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  required   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test dependenciesdependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of users that are ssd of the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add color to a message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  color   warning
truth:  prints   a

test:  remove an old directory from its groups .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to convert service to pkgutil .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  get absolute path .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  get   links
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the provided value is a positive integer .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates the given python module version .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  return   python

test:  get the value of an targets variable .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current idle function .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  given a project name .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  given   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test together of colors .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   a
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a command-line arguments on the given arguments .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   count
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a dict containing the visible devices from the system .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  returns   works
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract the data body from broadcast and deserialize requests .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   errors
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the float angle from float .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a unicode string to a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  get any appropriate alias object .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the object is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element in a list with matching name or substring .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an type .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   replacement
truth:  compile   a

test:  get a hook name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find page for page for activations .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  save the state on a file .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  return true if path is a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  load and log review request if necessary and log statements .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   user
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the authentication option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check execution corresponding to execution action which raises an action if not already unicode .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the status of an http request .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the specified instance is invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this function does the --max_server_instances backend borrowed .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  bind out what input url are initialized .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  shuffle   messages
truth:  produces   a

test:  make the url of the current project .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  runs   bracket
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write version to table .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  create   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  test planck .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for modules that need to be installed and the given exception .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   directory
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the actual batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute gentoo descent covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  replaces sequence of soupstrings .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  build   a

test:  ensure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  apply all the rewrite of variables in the condition parameters .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  ensure that writer is called without reading the workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  stores   cluster
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy a pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  verify the corresponding host and then raises an exception if the labels is found .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  verify   binary
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the line number of the given index .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  locate   null

test:  return whether a byte string .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  format   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that the file exists .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  prompts and handle up variational password in a shelter web browser requires it .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompts   stream
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get endpoint from a carve of a correct mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  quote the long modules that can be installed .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  displays mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine a list .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  using   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  return content based on the response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  source   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  set   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates over a line file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  test for issue with observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   settings
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run the post environment .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a command .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  clone   logs
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns static files containing the robots and cache it .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes an encoded function .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns the python method in this directory .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a file path to a dotted image path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  send   null
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the best keys .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make integer of str .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  make   null
truth:  format   format

test:  create a fanout topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  copy name from a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  name   a
truth:  import   a

test:  get the zerovects vector whose gradient are vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the user data for the user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  unescapes unescapes using substring rpcs find the default path .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  map   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of service permissions for a given string .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current device associated with the current device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 2-d array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  function which accepts vhds through angular-gettext and interface_details are preserved .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  function   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the specified message was deprecated .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  show   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  quit the application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  disable   method
truth:  null   one

test:  log a new password .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   handler
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  checks that k['coeff and get it .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict of exists page .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a branch with the given key .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns ids from list of lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a absolute path with notimplementederror .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the search string .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a subdictionary entry in both the mac address and mac driver .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  returns a string representing the current port .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the exception of the given number of amis .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  ajax zen decorate units .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  internal helper function that takes one of the :func:processor version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary consisting of dicts that are the together .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram rectpolygon properties .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   images
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test using no conversion of no conversion .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  create   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load this module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the last authentication policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm speech .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a recent html actions .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  create   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  using invalid value used to mean invalid exactly an exception .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for control targets .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  finds syslog from the given path name .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  force event exit test .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   pylint
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an apps .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the option of a site on its name .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   get
truth:  install   a

test:  receive a process by trying to get the process of a given pid .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  detects   socket
truth:  use   use

test:  parses a path .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops in a given location .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local revision for this thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  waits for template fields .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  null   thread
truth:  perform   null

test:  params<dict>: -> character format numeric character .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer value of the word .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to do the user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible ip for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  take an least common itis%srightnow entries and converts it to a newick .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  reports   reports

test:  get the regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  save xml output .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  save   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return the validformatternamesare labs format from the string passed with one documentation .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  fetch all the *pyc metadata .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the theme data from the same path as the shape of a v1 cli example: .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the correct error handler for this daemon .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of inputs from a list of po .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse out correct task .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  log entropy of multivariate polynomials in hundredths .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  estimate   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  build the bokeh html path .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  selected   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  this creates a list of appropriate arguments from the given url parameters os-vif : dict dictionary of displaying a javascript file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule the schedule url for the given week .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install processed stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  save   up
truth:  prepares   a

test:  pop an input variable from the list of slice .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to find the given child node in the given target class .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test classes is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configure the vtk report of the vtk hierarchy .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  install consumed to an existing pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  a call that first called from the python class .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the name of a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  return   role
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  the normalize-space function uses a string to underscores .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the loader inheritance .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  list   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error code is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  default control pointer .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  same as return default value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  runs assets in javascript string with assets .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  runs   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove abbreviated files whose exit by the digraph .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load private files .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   state
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short code is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the path to the directory that will be relative to the given package name .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  make <> .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  set   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the tag for a given image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   a

test:  casts string to an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches a inhibit log for an s_out using http traffic .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create debugging: and default .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  create   find
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add only one rule to the condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a list .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  to   target
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if user has the given user .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create ix[t] titles .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  upgrade   utility
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this method is used internally and the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  return a list of all fields .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  return   limit
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string s to an int .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   crud

test:  find all the source node in the given node with path directories .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  find   infer
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses a phyloxml .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  parses   time
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  crop a image to contain a single image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im file to filename .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return list of vms information for this hyper .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace users in a particular return value for logging .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   header
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of the items in the given iterable .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of tables within an tables this method .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  returns   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members of the group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   members
truth:  replaces   members

test:  this is a little function for elements of a dag .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  apply   arrays
truth:  calculates   null

test:  converts a string to a boolean .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   force
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert unicode or unicode string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  decode   a

test:  list version of zinnia .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate an implementation of the correctness of a class that attempts to have multiple implementation of the holds the repr of a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return the list of instances of g .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new fieldset instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the number of grimoire configuration from config .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert a time in seconds into a string with the format category/name set to one of the format .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only work when riak with riak installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  work   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the minions requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a feather-format object from a file .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  removes all the protocol from a url that are not removes both visible and themes .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string of docstring from sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  sent   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   detail
truth:  null   ru

test:  set alarm time .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  determine the datastore form of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  split   split

test:  inverse of the jones pacifictime .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  list the value of likely to be stored in salt for this command line .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  read the iterator of pages and setup them .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  trims the values for an array .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  using   null

test:  render data from json environment .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date from date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to sanitize a url according to mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  function   try
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the settings directory for this application .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear dicts in an --help and applies them to a random locale .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  make   room

test:  tell the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  tell   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits user to have csv file to generate a html file for a given course .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test daemon daemon daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   method
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the entire phrase containing a list of head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coefficient coefficient .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  p   return
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  basic rule_str_list .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the primary should be inserted like:: should be inserted usually or a string of the offset but the form should be inserted .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file from the file to the given location .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   unix

test:  create resources .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  setup   everything
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve vms information cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  apply debug function to func .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  forces   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  evaluate the local stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check the api in the new database .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  makes sure a number field is an iterable .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  makes   sequences
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add signals to the alarm step .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  signals   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  print a [sequence] create a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set a sample types for a given type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  set   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  from a topology type name .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test simple imports .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   windows
truth:  nested   test

test:  load hosts .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns the default exe' environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure we can tokenize mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parses an proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based systems .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   get
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the smtp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return complexity is normalized .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a discrete random variable with an arcsin distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a dictionary of snapshots for logging between two snapshots of the snapshot values .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  gets   null

test:  softsign of a tensor .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that a workflow type does not have a valid workflow .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  helper function to access a sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   standard
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute the volume min between two node sets .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a base64-encoded string with the given base64-encoded string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  tests correlation based on numpy correlation matrix parameters nm : ndarray the dataset .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  project   a

test:  destroys the users session .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  sets   drop
truth:  is   null

test:  return the current compiler setting cli example: .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  conditional : and_expression conditional .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster or iterable array with indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  replaces   c
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper to format weight initializer for weights or bias .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  prints the choice strings to be used in the aws line .
truth: given an index . 
test:  render   null
truth:  given   null

test:  show a information message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial out the power_exp signal size and height n .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  order   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model at an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  null   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that gemset is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  send a resource provider to get a single resource class .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  send   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a product to see if the locale is valid .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  return   return

test:  get the class corresponding to the given spatialimp string .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  null   class

test:  purge multiple environment variables from the given iterable .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  shows   search
truth:  clear   null

test:  log c++ with jail jail .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a classmethod from the original kind .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  check single value from x y y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  check   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  formats a string format size as a float length .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   a
truth:  turn   number

test:  display list of benchmarks .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  display   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  determine if the file extension has a dict .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  if   map
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the list of tuples representing the info for ls parameters ids : int number of variables within the provided objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the directory cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new expression with data .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  the main function .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a standard python notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns lazy authentication token from request - help token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a command and wait until it fails .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  call   call

test:  get table of the permission table .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a dict describing all reserved variables .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return whether file is executable or not .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  prints exit error to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test chart rendering with trigonometric trigonometric trigonometric .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if an object is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test whether given image has default character .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  null   numeric
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function that returns a class entropy model numbers .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  define   a

test:  particular administration administration ip address from a request .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  selected   server
truth:  log   events

test:  status message log file .
truth: open log files . 
test:  null   download
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of all new-style class names .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group a list of lists into a group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   elements

test:  parse a template string for parsing using the input .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the raw version of the command line .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  if   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  copy an image by replacing all of the given channel .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  display   images
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  instantiate an api response .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  view   new
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed or is not allowed in tasks .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load this module if the mysql config file is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   null
truth:  requires   requires

test:  ellipsoidal validation of pythons remainder in dask graph .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  to   data
truth:  assign   a

test:  get the information about the network server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example of results from a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  does a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  value   a
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the pareto loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  reads a file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  reads   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read search info from debugging file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convenience function for very long .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lists a dataset in the given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a complete zipfile by name .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a pack header to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return version string string for remote .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list the installed binary output .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items directory args: filename: : the image to the similarity container .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   a
truth:  embed   null

test:  filter out table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  computes the indices of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  computes   rows
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns a list of all track of standard data .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of hmacing class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all roles from a group on a domain or roles .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract everything from a annotations .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  build   up

test:  execute an image via invalid image uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set a message to long and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the cached localzone object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  verify if variable variables are playing else false .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  create an email for the given event name .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect x .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback to the options passed .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  does the given duration of the given duration of stats .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  certificate   response
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  apply data rotation matrix from the same arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  transform   in
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  forces an http support .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  forces   view
truth:  return   return

test:  a context manager to check check the given revision .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generates an randomly digest .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode value to mode .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sort a list of pairs .
truth: like repr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  get a key based on its key .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   channel

test:  apply a query by sepreated a value to an avoiding clause .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  t to the domain specific messages .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse a buffer offset .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   connection
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path to a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  export specified revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a member delete confirmation page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  output the options for a vm vm : string vm of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   output
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch image with a given image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  validate that value is called in being called in being called .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  whether the dbref isnt an dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert polygon .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  null   cosine

test:  list all available kernel information about this node .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regexes name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  set   a

test:  sparse sparse maximum .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   in
truth:  find   find

test:  takes an http request body .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 400 bad gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorate and receive a method with an required .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns registers string representation of a given object .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   array
truth:  null   way

test:  convert a pil x image to a numpy array .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of seconds .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  a view that returns storage test data .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  print the similarity dfs loop if necessary .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  parses an operation and registers a new operation description .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  set   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in a volume between edges and edges .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the argument value .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build a dictionary mapping for the lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  <= options in this variable of the same format .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the file into integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read initial decimal values from an integer .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   roles
truth:  combines   null

test:  i wrapper for the string .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  used in the config file with this attribute/action privileges .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generates   key
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns the external downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  a helper for create_commands_slf .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generator for multiplicative_expression inputs .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   images
truth:  yield   images

test:  return whether or not an empty string is the argument .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  transform the convergence loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  endpoint   workflow
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the correct number of a pair .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  a helper method to return the asset image of the inspect default .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  temporarily view that creates a new validator errors in dictionary with some fields of the new values in new .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  function   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  send expired email .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  send   link
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a suitable class instance .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  print the creation of a given directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use inputted python-memcache function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a container from an path to the container .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  set   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cfp this plugin sets the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   null

test:  format a sound number of sound based on hex day .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  open an encoded string key for decryption key .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return utf-8 part of a serializer .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import a file or compiled traceback handler .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  import   search
truth:  function   function

test:  find the full path for a migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the existing files .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  combine two dictionaries into a single dict .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  combine   words
truth:  merge   struct

test:  reads a list of images from iterable .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the ith footprint} of a data matrix n by exponent .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  testing autoregressive for introspection nested data set .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   a
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper for --editables or a namespace and determine if namespace exists .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a set of subfolders .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find files in s3 .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the path to the file in this directory .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations api to see if the specified text using the specified adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   control
truth:  shows   shows

test:  simple case of extend_positions tests .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  access   create
truth:  create   a

test:  set a plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  set   title
truth:  function   function

test:  test writing .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   code
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   directories
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback for authentication .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   example
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml template and return a configparser object .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a value to the path .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return mask which have none .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles hosts in union of given list .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  turning   use
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of iri .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   r
truth:  computes   a

test:  extracts current newline character .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  extracts   try
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate a string that matches an integer type by option .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if user matches a query .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  update   server
truth:  return   a

test:  test that header from an existing file which can raise an exception if one header values of the quote does not specify .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   github
truth:  header   header

test:  converts a string containing a boolean .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return true if size is 0 or equal to or equal .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  return   null
truth:  files   files

test:  this method disable event handler .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  display   numbers
truth:  let   null

test:  random factory that returns the given x .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the right expansion b: a function that maps a function or 1 .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping relevant value to save_filters for schema .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   api
truth:  given   task

test:  replace xml entities in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init logging of test celery app .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  return   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test if a file exists .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   returns

test:  copy the named sources and place them into the master .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a decorator .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the relative version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  receives the list of files available on this system .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  require   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of all links .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split object id list of object this twice .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a folder from src to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   item
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get the error thrown by name .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  given   code
truth:  checks   in

test:  trash debug with host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  flags   null
truth:  password   password

test:  xml text element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  decorate all test tests which include a list of test tests .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable objects into utf-8 .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  testing   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  pve url .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string to an inheritance inheritance inheritance .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  print   print

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that the shell isnt set correctly declared in fake tests .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   desktop
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named comment does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom text .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns date or timestamp for a datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  this should be run in the sdk e .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  is the language code .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  replace   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the message to which the bridge belongs to .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server exists in a server cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can check translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create score for each score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  skips   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to return a command .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %%prun cell length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given the given encoding name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  parses   lookup
truth:  lookup   up

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   current

test:  chdir to skip tests that the function will be able to run a url .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print : print .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   state
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a dict of output information for the key .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   up
truth:  output   parameter

test:  assert that expired and count are properly listed .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test for accessing integrity grepping .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook data from xml file containing the new workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the indefinite coefficient of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a default bem network .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  simple wrapper to be user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  for each component lists all the identity identity output and a relative path .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates an error sections based on the configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using an os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a collection of contributors object as abused .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create order by an order by its traceback .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  order   place
truth:  place   place

test:  asserts slicing: slices of a list of list elements .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  log   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for pyopengl functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  take an app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  take   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate nodes in an array with the var matrix .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database database or dict cli example: .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests value is an entity .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  value   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a summary to the simple summary .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the name of the function calls .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert lib2to3 on system .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  uses   one
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get an equalizer value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  square   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute compute kernel between samples in sparse x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete one or more group(s) from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  shut   null

test:  uses the xterm-workalikes task in __kind__ .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  return module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  depth   get
truth:  read   a

test:  get global pid: link .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an uninitialized that factorize available .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  if   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a list of internal links from the given page .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  pull   line
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the port and job configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the wait_for_timeout .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  function should be a proxy object without existing results .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  rectified   tests
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a document record for each fastq fastq text .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return random string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  convert   lookup
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the devices from the url and cache it .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create a linear inverse of the mean n .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects a job with a login form .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  go through data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the sql database .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  sets   tests
truth:  has   django

test:  makes sure the clip is an exponential function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  makes   elements
truth:  null   range

test:  reads the size of the imp file with the given filename and returns the name of it .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  load images in an hdf5 file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  load   back
truth:  input   input

test:  calculates a classifications of nan .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a copy of the values in the input .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  formats w encodes the linear stft function to heap .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   a

test:  compute a list of strings .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  converts arg to an existing list of tensors .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  pack   variables

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  make standard custom custom custom permissions .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  make   data
truth:  module   module

test:  compute pairs of nodes in a directed graph g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   node

test:  converts a string to an identifier .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  custom view temporary: likely to be refactored into the main about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a set of dependencies of the css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  yield an iterator by eliminating the exceptions by optionally yield operates .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  running   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if the output has a visible .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an expected message with a advanced error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  log   log

test:  check whether saferepr data has a valid base path .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  check   resolves
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights with the given collection_id .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  convert a row in a format row into the right row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  take   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  requires   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a tile row in a given config file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  null   method

test:  formats data from a string of tags .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  given   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud information in a single file .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  determines   render
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty open and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should return invalid executable if system is an absolute executable .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a sequence of tuples with either reading or each first sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse : sequence sep field_seq | enum_item field_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the total y plots with y plots .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  null   null

test:  write processing files in separate log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   create
truth:  write   a

test:  create a new user from an acl user .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  return a static file from paths .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given rss string .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   object
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a callback to read the tornado http response object to a db .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  salesource delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  retrieves the list of position in a list by its position .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  guess   list
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of clusters to a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  user single transaction view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  call   view
truth:  view   view

test:  read the permission from a file .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  read   view
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   validate
truth:  sort   sort

test:  set a float .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether the runtime cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  check   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a new option to a new location .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge sync keys .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  move   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns module number for a given module number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the mean of the group .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the default system resolver .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  replace   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return the received configuration dictionary from config file .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run a shell on the given node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  run   os
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  looks to see if the host is present on the system .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a device pointer to a python device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch of epoch to the number of epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  escapes   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the api function inside the given rabbitmq .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   null
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  test disjoint random numbers .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  checks   connectivity
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  makes sure the unhandled flag is f and cleanup parameters f : ndarray the gradient of the decorated function .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  makes   bind
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a helper function to create a template .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return a string representing the glob package available but not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that you can verify be used for an github certificate before the response .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  reads all paths from table: .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  confirm   files
truth:  files   files

test:  add entity keys from app .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   null

test:  create a random prime string from a randomly generated distribution .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  get the part of the traverse log file for the specified logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the slice of field_state:[row_headers] ndestinations args: maxpool2d : datetime size to the msbuild neighbors of the uninstalls .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test adding credentials to the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  adds   test
truth:  null   credentials

test:  job options that reallocation .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  setup   options
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the gw ip address is a valid ip and if the network status .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json character from file and return as numpy .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   json

test:  if widely show wrong transform allows us to a new transform .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get the volume list for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return site record in sqlalchemy query with an first value .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   site
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to the command line options .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  add   a

test:  coil mri showlist .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  removes an fragments from [cart .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  removes   tag
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the entire configuration directory .
truth: return env . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the file path of the file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  if   check

test:  return an element in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  fetches user with profile based on the current user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects the user .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  initialize   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  get default web server .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the default standard encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  set the channel positions by channel positions .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   in
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the uninstalling function .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter controller - all empty tweets are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  delete user .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   state
truth:  return   return

test:  compute objective objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  is   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration theming because twisted theming is used in the current context .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  is   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find the length of individual that satisfies the given integral .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  tab-completion: or unlocked .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   files
truth:  to   attempt

test:  remove all privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form form form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   version

test:  adds field subclass fields from package .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this function prints ips with remote types .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  return one or more members in random order .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return default sequence or string according to the function .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the square function .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the instance uuid stored in this format:: cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  start start a number of avatar environments .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  high-wave candle .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   update
truth:  save   null

test:  creates a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a method that makes sure that sync belongs to the future .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  test   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  regular expression should not be given to a string .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a string literals to python string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs together type works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all available updates .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  build the tool shed of a tool file .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  build   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform resource identifier into an nearest resource uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert that float numbers of private key exists in desired order .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert ledoit-wolf matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   media
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  to   null

test:  if tornado is true .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create valid group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  delete messages for the garbled model .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   job

test:  set an admin form .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  set   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate generate and array-like coordinates in 32 node .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   places

test:  scan the data from key and return data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  try to locate the first column filters from the filtering filter .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  to   user
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks whether two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  get the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  this method returns a list of topics that are not linked to courseware vm .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  starts a function multiple times in a target target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  starts   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  resolve a string representation of an varint string .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract tags from a stream .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  sanitize s with all subsets replaced by other consecutive .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  s   a
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students delete a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   reset
truth:  to   request

test:  an expression of a given expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the flow name for an http instance .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a relative path is pip .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the actual version of versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris topography .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  given a dict that will use a tuple of dicts .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  given   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  set a users password for the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find sls name in sls by sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   function
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the minion cli example: .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filters task that the task has no optimized .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  filters   github
truth:  null   classes

test:  return a list of rows from a remote file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return the full version of a directory to the underlying url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  list all keys in an ssh server .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random colors in the order of a bipartite graph .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return seconds since epoch .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  seconds   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  returns whether the compositing compositing compositing is enabled .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the tb .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return list of all python modules below the given directory that should be included in pyramid .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  generates   setup
truth:  yield   path

test:  describe all elasticache vpc connection between the vpc connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the line source file into a tuple of tuples .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a suitable for use by a bug .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  format a single file .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  format   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  compute members for a model id or columns this - a string representing the models table on an object that is the form unique id of the form unique id
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id and returns the node id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  checks   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  manually return a list of gradient tuples .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper to return a data class from the same data as the data .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  to   data
truth:  get   data

test:  returns a dict of bucket names that should be used to find a local directory .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib distribution following it .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create many bags together from many bags .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  create   output
truth:  null   bag

test:  increment datetime object to millisecond elements of time in seconds .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  return   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create a list of the graph state from a passed deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  vreturn activation function .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  rank   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  takes the folders of the sys .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  need   need

test:  return a list of renamed for each of the files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the list of all available themes .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send a message to the socketfd socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  unzip   attempt
truth:  receive   a

test:  send the current application .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  send   loading
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  configure the task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  set the svn files in the svn command pattern .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  set   list
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorator useful allows tests to skip tests in one of the wrapped test .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts please version to a screen based on the platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if url is an http/2 or a url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the state that the gce instance .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clean scores scores to new numpy array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  block   get
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will retrieve the scenario that will be run by performing its rate at a given cluster by performing .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the operation index .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  use   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  work   user
truth:  return   return

test:  fix paths using the provided path .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  adds   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  load keyif for all models in the guid .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  moves   check
truth:  check   guid

test:  run a valid request .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  run   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  internal helper method used to extract a url and send_process .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  null   keyword
truth:  null   version

test:  return a boolean if url is an absolute url or a url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   wether

test:  test the save report method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  lists interfaces or more network interface cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  command   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the metadata for a repository on the repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for temporary disabling an existing sendredo response .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  get valid serial / printed per serial parameters .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   split

test:  checks that python platform is valid .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a portage package name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  require   function
truth:  package   package

test:  deletes a compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  store   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  sanity check for depth .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  creates   network
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit queue cli example: .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match parameters as parameters column : scenario argument .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert inverse of the first kind of n and equal to order .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to embarrassingly-simple site multiple nested models .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parse   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  status an ssh key .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  is   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively convert the given map file or string to an elgamal one .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return an memory tree composed of the unit tree on the minion tree .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  writes a warning to the standard syntax into the file .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip links from the options file .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   test
truth:  convert   a

test:  sleep and delay for a specific number of seconds .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  sleep   function
truth:  null   generator

test:  returns a validator that can be used as an image metadata .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  quote actions that span .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  exclude iterator of all symbols in the given expression .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  exclude   exclude
truth:  yield   null

test:  get a list of paths from a path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  sample an sample step step with sphere versions .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  sample   randomly
truth:  generates   a

test:  this function is only used internally where the first argument passed in is nat .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  returns   rgb
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path can be executed on a file or not .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  compute old 0 at stop start with a futrig polynomial .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled in seconds .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  trims a sequence of text .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports should usually be on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  convert a long string after only encoded shape to thomas balancer comment print it .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  convert   variable
truth:  print   print

test:  composite transform two hash strings by a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check configurations for a given config file .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   build
truth:  build   docs

test:  utility function for the optimal gitconfig frame .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  null   command
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value from a particular service .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  return   map
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  verify that setting keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  verify   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load the noinput environment .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   list
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate out auto and frontend parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  find the repository associated with a given repo .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  return   current

test:  get a user to connect as password the name of the user to connect .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   run
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general types that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  default form for what the form is available .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  load   populate
truth:  null   method

test:  to start all information available at opennebula .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  to   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  destroy the missing message in use to get requests .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  warn   pyrax
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  push settings to a user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  settings   str
truth:  records   records

test:  execute the comments from the command .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  find   find

test:  compute compute kernel between samples in sparse kernel and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get whether the given function type is a pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a process -> dict of process with name -> int .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  decode a feed text file arguments: * description string name of the distribution string .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  select   package
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop selected database .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  selected   configure
truth:  clear   null

test:  runs 1 .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  iterates   converts
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump details of a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  appropriately x .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  add a sequence of dummy ip addresses into lists .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  return the disk logs of the default logs usage .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   update
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a read byte string .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  is   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  filter role .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the computer message .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  same as the probabilities function .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert x in a dask to a list of tuples .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  decode   a

test:  write a multipart data to a multipart way .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  write   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  constructs an asset id that was previously constructed after that was previously id stored in timestamp .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the requested hub sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the list of upageviews by analytics date on date .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  load   works
truth:  set   set

test:  split a version f\x with validates with validates header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   adjust
truth:  save   history

test:  returns current user instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  return list of the locale headers to given http level code .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  list   checks
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   function
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  send to u'wewaitforprompt' .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set a custom warnings to capture a renewal warning .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  redirect   calling
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register one or more plugin alias defined in the db .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  to   a
truth:  register   a

test:  split the given domain name into an ? .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  split   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  add some custom settings setting to an existing value .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the influx sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract a single tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple case of _thread .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the coinmarketcap sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this makes source localization by the fixed ori method .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  decrement   converts
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the url']except url from the api .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read data from a file-like object and return the open file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  if this function has the numpy argument will be called via the numpy library .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  read the given session object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that x is an iterable or unicode string containing utf-8 bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  drops   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  just like providers[provider_name] reader .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  simulate   image
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the position and the current axes .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  changes the username of a new username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sends a message .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  sends   step
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that parallel and t t data are tabs .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the function f to milliseconds .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  handle   decorate
truth:  if   null

test:  test that macro just 1 .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a standard untracked signal with the path .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to an interface .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   interfaces
truth:  remove   remove

test:  response response to the given file-like object in body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  check if course is expired or expired for the course with the given number of strings .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  if   course
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through tests and run tests .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  yields   tests
truth:  is   null

test:  return whether the object is a sequence of objects .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that can be used to log an entire templates .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect the signals of a model .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   intersection
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  sets all words found in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  null   null

test:  read a zipfile from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  strips orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  orphaned   null
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick only auxiliary info .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   filter
truth:  default   stim

test:  clears a single state of the specified master mine .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to add a url to the given url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  a filter decorator for logging debug function .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  replace   calculate
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for the minion .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  test a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  computes a one-hot form of values .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the config file .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  config   setup
truth:  update   update

test:  vcenter this connection its kwargs .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  trivial   close
truth:  if   test

test:  read lines in a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  reads   format
truth:  url   url

test:  build a user with ids of the creator tools .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  insertionsort the number of permutations .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  start a service in the given name .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  start   part
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ logic on html files on a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return largest centrality for g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert entry to http files_versions language and write in the timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  if   geocoding
truth:  time   time

test:  start two outputs .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  null   find
truth:  -   -

test:  remove the pack keys from the abs .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an ssh key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package name if such a package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path has absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test member from unit .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  delete   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  tells   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the parent process with pid pids .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  constructs an installed backend that overrides the discretize discretize .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  retrieve   expressions
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry without tokenize single entry if we can tokenize sources .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  prepare multipart request parameters based on content-type .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  request   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns whether or not a user can download the group access to access .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  tanh -> fast .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return all string in string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  return   function
truth:  process   a

test:  create a fake type conversions object for attribute decorates .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  output the list of lists to output from the supplied dictionary .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle search output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get privs' cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test performance of :func:pants_test .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  find   info
truth:  control   control

test:  return a string to make a single tag '\\\\$' .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  construct a zs[ array for a double non-negative array of autocorrelation observations .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the string containing the lowercase version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a client with the docker library .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply all the selected fct .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users home which the user belongs to .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given path exists .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the timestamp of the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type access to group type for group access on this project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  null   group
truth:  access   access

test:  delete path data from path data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  delete   path
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to verify the url is current .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the the the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return string or several paragraph chassis .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  link   null
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the singular/eigen function to have even even on the system .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a commands[name]except by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the trailing slash from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   path
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit instance redemption on an existing report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  add an event on the given minion name cli example: .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  value   new
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  render   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  ensures that only the components of close .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  docstring   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create state .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the points of the points in the points .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  create a bmrequesttype instance using the stanza stanza .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute an object and adds instances to the current instances of old-style instances .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  indicates   null

test:  convert a longer app to an item .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this decorator is used to mark a string or not .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve page objects .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  finds   number
truth:  null   notifications

test:  verify hex fits color can be modified on a module .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  tests   calculate
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the error page should have a chain of the open property .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a dictionary of default values into dotted storage instance .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  used   null

test:  grain password hash .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  password   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute the estimate of the individual things in this context .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of an object .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read goodness between config and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  tag   i
truth:  read   read

test:  check groupings matrix ids .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  records the image handler into folder from the image .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  build   uses
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the start date based on the pixel-to-pixel date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  set interface allocated to use .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  landing page asking the most likely components .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  install   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  create a new region in use .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   value

test:  return true if file exists in this package .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that modifies the template .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  creates an instance of the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager for use in a virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  override this fixture to be called when the tests dict .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  override   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a dictionary for a given class path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a 1-d log function .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   count
truth:  compute   a

test:  get information about the course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  =   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  confirms confirms home directory name .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  list   directory
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a function with a given arguments .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this script prints source to multiple images in navigation .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  add a target in keystone .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the summary of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   s
truth:  patch   patch

test:  converts an entityid id or name passed as the container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  create sql flavor object that matches the requested flavor .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a variable-length encoded string from a given series of numbers .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump enabled color with fab .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export tuples .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  export   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  create an activation template .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  create   sailthru
truth:  enable   enable

test:  this output exists or error .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  input   a
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the port address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates an array of channels for sorted inputs .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   raster
truth:  null   data

test:  test the list of issues .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lg binary switches .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract default values from provided dictionary .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write the string writing to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add json data to json .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  do a function .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  do   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop file files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  drop   multiple
truth:  empty   null

test:  save and return a list of tuples with latest providers document .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  save   set
truth:  populate   populate

test:  update user profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  converts special characters so that it is quoted to the native file system .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select a *k* from the input *individuals* using *k* spins of a roulette .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  get data from an analyzers or :class:multidigraph .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   observatory
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html loop .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  return   function
truth:  writes   null

test:  unconditionally skip test if being run on bool test .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean up a file or returns the contents of a sff document .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  clean   a

test:  get a take name or a result object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the full url to the url and staff .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  print a container .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  print   a

test:  logarithm of *x* parameters y : array columns of *x* y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  convolve   x

test:  compute the trimmed log-likelihood of y and y labels .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the canonical file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  import and return all vispy vispy prefix for the output directory .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  import   import

test:  override those comments to .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  override   variable
truth:  return   return

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  compute the absolute host between each step and z .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  compute   correlation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the p-th mean using dy[ task .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified adapter as errors .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  blend an image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  null   uploads
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the difference of two sparse matrices .
truth: compute np . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to a destination file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse model gives the sparse model .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  respond database tries to fetch database with a new history .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the list of quotas for quotas .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  set   fix
truth:  validates   validates

test:  get all completions of the completions class .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   info

test:  get the desktop desktop copy of a user module .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   copy
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a list of dict with formatted tags from a key for the given key .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used for the html forms value1 and [a include-failed-builds: value1 .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  this is only used if four points are equal .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return module-level folders .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default encoding used encoding supported by the given encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  null   hosts
truth:  delete   a

test:  kubelet_args a line with the same name as the type of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  label   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the secret key of the current machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode the data portion of the data into string value for use in string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  read   start
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; a relative url path; : recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert data to /aaa/p .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  convert   replacement
truth:  profile   profile

test:  this is a wrapper around the default numeric event type .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  is   null
truth:  make   a

test:  convert user name to the uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new collection factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the gauss-chebyshev points .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  create   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  string to combine the artist object from the tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  multiplies   asserts
truth:  return   a

test:  blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  djangos   create
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all user json user and its files .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for worker to show up to true if redis isnt given .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  check bem .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a command to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate over the given logs and similar to duplicates .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  jacobian of a covariance matrix assumes we have a simple cdf .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  create an archive hash for a given filename .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote / characters in a string for shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication auth .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   user
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of seconds in the number .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function that does the current message and returns a string .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  function   a
truth:  is   null

test:  attempts to unpack a corpus of text and the rest of the file .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper method for every attributes of data .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   groups
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  define a function decorator which memoizing to call another function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  kill   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   type

test:  sign the named application that creates a new content-type and set up the power of an reviewer .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   function
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an sqlalchemy database with default config connections .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return an http response object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  returns   djangos
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a surfaces plots .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  adam callback .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  xml   launch
truth:  search   search

test:  this accessor returns a path to the packages in the package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  remove   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current context from the shared context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set a datetime .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as enabled by organization .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera thermostats .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not visible .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return text with raw form .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple context manager that returns a socket object .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  url function for evaluated .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns csrf token required by the client .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  context   processor

test:  get the default group components and add a group components to the data .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  get   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read the chunks of bytes from the sock file .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns same label as line/column .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscriptions class .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  update   number
truth:  get   subscription

test:  run a list of available locales .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  run   run
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get the mime type of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  to   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure users group has group' .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   populate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a relative and length from specified block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a utility function that retrieves ordinary arguments and latency .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  make a hash from a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a function which accepts 0 at all .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  convert data with difference .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  convert   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a range of strings .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current setting cli example: .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   os

test:  dump a data structure containing one or more arrays .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group rule from the cidr group rule .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieve media user groups .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   update
truth:  if   checks

test:  create some sort of interactive window if so we should create some sort of interactive interactive window objects .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  link   example
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function on *cls* where the function name is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication replication object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a list of modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   power

test:  change all labels in a zip field .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  change   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  equivalent of getprime:long and return the unicode id .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  check to see if topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  return the shape of the byte_length policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return images images under all images that are not enabled via kivy .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter that yields the results of a sequence of items from a bootstrap or a scalar .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a version string from a concrete table .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   split
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop release section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns whether obj is an object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table and nftables command in the table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this is a regex that matches the given request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return an array with all none values .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  set wwn name to stylesheet its the stylesheet .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  set   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  copy pickled node with one item from the named dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  replace any extra whitespace .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  validate the cherrypy engine for this project or something that do not created with the beginning and ansiblemodule .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute nodes graph using "label" algorithm .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  add a user to the solution or the question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the value of a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   items
truth:  template   template

test:  constructs the pydotexcept assets file .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  export   method

test:  change wants table objects into memory table .
truth: process part . 
test:  change   history
truth:  process   part

test:  only load names into lowest names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  null   camel
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  median of the best match for multiple tax .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the package metadata list cli example: .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   get
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process is called .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  starting   a
truth:  null   a

test:  checks if a list of module name is valid .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  is   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test whether we can construct a duplicate value .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the 0'?>\n" string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized result in the given indicated table .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  parses translations for storage bucket path from the specified bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps id for the given process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  create a storage object with the data run and post it .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return system hex string .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterator over unique elements of iterable id .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test logging .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   output
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a tab with tabs from the course using tabs .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  updates   type
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to parse a string encoded in an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extract   slug

test:  given user .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   page

test:  output output of the output based on the nodes in the gpu read dict of completed information about each cell as a comma cell name .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  output   output
truth:  prints   prints

test:  sends an http upgrade request to upgrade right queries .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  send   upgrade
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize all the auth interface .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   logs
truth:  clone   clone

test:  jacobian wrapper - handle network - pdiff - pdiff + p_i - pdiff - pdiff algorithm .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  shows a exit file from sender .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json url .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder gmail]' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  compute the compute indices of a sum .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  new token to log it .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  view   view

test:  loads syslog-ng with the given configuration and returns true if the system config has the configured configuration .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  select   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  append and installable scripts to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  link   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the scipy matrix x at x .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given the users hash parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  tries to echo the private_exponent changes .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  to   a
truth:  shows   a

test:  attempt to return the applied gui .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   movie
truth:  null   null

test:  overrides the wsgi lock to be used in seconds .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  allocate   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the empty graph specified by a hub graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a hash .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks for horizontal big-endian near commas and semicolons .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get the name of the file to the extension .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  get   function
truth:  given   grep

test:  returns true if the legacy config has the given prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  mocks   wrapper
truth:  config   config

test:  return an iterator that return the next version of the next strings in needing .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  return   url
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax endpoint for retrieving search .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  if the background app is run .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  if   python
truth:  drops   drops

test:  a queried test for an existing request .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount the system that can be a list of locales cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute the minion application on the moose cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string containing the python version of the python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used by the logging verbosity .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create new parameter to handle list parameters .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  break a case fails by adding transfers after .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  break   a
truth:  model   a

test:  returns true if an agent is a normally agent string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   css

test:  checks whether the given content is editable for a data .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns the supplied string representation of the supplied character string .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  find the three denominator of the denominator of a d linear b .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate auth by email with email address if not found .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   returns
truth:  return   user

test:  converts unicode strings to python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  if   python

test:  return the version of an element with no ssh stream .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  resolve   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp data from a string or a numpy one .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   uses
truth:  disable   router

test:  returns the 'bits version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   current

test:  cache out the script until we need to be given .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a callback object as first argument passed to or retrive through the current context object .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the current cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  load   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  willberemovedsoon -> boolean .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the positions of the string .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  return the returner of an array x under x .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to reach the circular variance parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get the value of an array with no conversion .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for enum members .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the ssh callables keys .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a view that is called with the permissions to modify a newly .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  start   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test using unknown completion .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  errors   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified context .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object and then create the object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cast unicode string to lowercased .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a /-delimited feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns state for an state with a basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   unlock
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  lists all commands by its name and returns active .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  lists   user
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt data with aes unicode strings .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  check   output
truth:  based   null

test:  ensure the device meta method get_init .
truth: register the device . 
test:  place   intersection
truth:  register   register

test:  read a sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  read   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course with staff certificates to view the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment in the given direction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the archive with the filename .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary is modified in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes outer text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge two critical operations .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of xblock padded with xblock discussions and the discussion .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents action function as not exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant missing roles to a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  password   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  return a name for a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   module
truth:  to   attempt

test:  print out the stderr stderr .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  print   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a matrix of rows into an array of polynomials .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  null   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract a single tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress a parsed string using the input parser .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  convert raw arp of url to dest .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a mavlink partition with the linux partition .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  remove   chunk
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart on modem" cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  displays   null

test:  evaluate the confidence [0 .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress reallocation command section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   a
truth:  optimized   null

test:  returns an iterable value in a source table .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type c section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  create features role .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms message to this function .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential function that will represent the exponential cosine .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a note['n stream of multiply bytes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica data raw data .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator should be called if a module is missing .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  resolve   parses
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  set the float font setting for specified year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  set   name
truth:  update   version

test:  produce a user account with an entry context .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   average
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts string to camel linux path to integer .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls that are available for the category .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if executing executing command .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  rebuild   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  find the given element with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  find   null
truth:  click   click

test:  adds a snapshot to a user .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  change   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  echo against data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  -   -

test:  detect detect the most simple deviation .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively resolves parameters fields : dictionary physical_constants : cinder dict dict physical_constants : the key that are not non-empty in the flattened dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  like   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean indicating if a user has xtheme access to the course set of courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the line number from the current request .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   standard
truth:  hash   a

test:  constructs a reference from an entity .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  equal_weight -> lower two urls .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  raises an exception if value matches the provided boolean true .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write to a socket represented by the given error .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   function
truth:  write   null

test:  write the string from all the yui to the import file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  call the specified command with a rectangle .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  call   commands
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a module .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  helper function to walk resources from a single file .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  function   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   os
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package with the given name the name of the package to delete .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  instructs arguments to exit window for a given package .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  show   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  computes weight weight after tournament function .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config values of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  access   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the total entropy of the target list of values in a tensor .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic loss between predicted and v_1 .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   tags
truth:  computes   null

test:  all elements of the original list preserving order of the original list .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  get all available policy document for the specified user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wraps decorated function to wrap yyyymmdd operations wrap .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  wraps   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set values that are not set .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes for a 'pygal-chart' 'pygal-chart' chart .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   instance
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper method to get some digits for a given phone number in a specified phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  set console output .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a matplotlib image interpolation to a numpy array of title im1 .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  converts   work
truth:  generate   a

test:  split a string with the whitespace from the specified string .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print string or around a given string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the input source file .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  encode   python
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the size of the device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the user has the permissions to require a workflow checks that the user be logged .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates the typedparameter with all values in the specified ngram .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the effective clause to the given value .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the numpy array that is applied to the same type .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of a sound using given parameters x : array_like the activation of credit returns y: : array_like 1-d array of false .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  value   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a url for a url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  tests   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop the given default pattern .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  stop   part
truth:  given   a

test:  return the metadata into the host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of strings of each string in a list .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  decode an http response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  maps   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  get the start time of a year .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  get   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the duration notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be supplied as a "cross-platform"
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the current filter buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   groups
truth:  clear   null

test:  a simple little and returns strerror in the given iterable .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  filter   error
truth:  generate   a

test:  return line of the given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with html lines .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  indent   html
truth:  text   text

test:  get a default value .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects vision in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   in
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible identifiers for the current table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract a datetime and extract interesting markers from the client .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outline   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return comments in comments .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a node only returns a list of all available traversal of a single node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random string that the prefix was known to a given leading same length .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if field is valid .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the given time back into a valid utc .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  null   null

test:  save data into a sensible sensible .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  merge   change
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a zip file from a filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  proxy log urls .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute mean of the image return the standard error .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  decrement   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show show bar positions with hue and position in each line .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the feature within double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke requests during a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  review   null
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return whether two generic classes are dict .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  start   a

test:  load current redirect form from authorization .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  returns   notification
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the number of characters a number .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  test column table with data values .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   text
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a text file of lowercase data into us-ascii .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  set the namespace for the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   populate

test:  gets a module from a next search path .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast argument values for type bool .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  formats timestamp .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  update messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  display   a
truth:  show   django

test:  return the received tool tool file system is within the application .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that wraps the object in obj .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language class is ignored code .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   class
truth:  null   fr

test:  setup warning behavior .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  parameters negative? : theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  initialize the south loggers .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  selects   set
truth:  logging   logging

test:  read in the current element that need to match properly support wildcard .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  read   path
truth:  return   return

test:  count the common element in a majority .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  count   calculate
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion release section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   section
truth:  control   control

test:  close beacon function .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  format   illumina
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user has been set .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  if   iterable
truth:  get   user

test:  generate unique characters of a string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in input mode and walk the current time .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  is   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json object from the json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the grunfeld data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler but with a different template path .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   view
truth:  default   default

test:  runs a echo command and wait for a given command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   pylint
truth:  null   a

test:  build a go expects xml .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test find-links from a relative path .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a context for each stack .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse namecoin dataset data .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the list of instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the log file reading .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a line from a specific applicable axis .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all byte types to unicode .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given filename is a any file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the best id of a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is raised .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   color
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  maintain maintain prompt for threads .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  constructs   like
truth:  like   like

test:  iteration_statement : while lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a converted value for the given item and value .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   predicate
truth:  null   field

test:  gets bytes from buffer processing for mopt if ndarray was supported .
truth: return major . 
test:  returns   buffer
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image from a given image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  determine if primer contains any mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  counts   get
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should get a resource .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  get the file or a given mode .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  get   version
truth:  return   a

test:  return page instance for s3siteautocompletewidget .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a ctypes series of the first argument to the certs .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a class that may be called from the python dictionary .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  same as cache .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  give a list of expression objects .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  prepares   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  walk a peeled refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  generate   info

test:  wrapper around xml attributes .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  deprecated   tool
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a new version of draft version defaults for the draft tests .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  compute filterpolesoutsideunitcircle forms .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  check   check

test:  helper for the response that just returns a deprecated .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  convert a string containing collection - args: codeeditor : datetime .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks if the user has the same files in the system or not .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager to temporarily add multiple standard cache .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or data .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of test tests from .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the elements of the most [nested if so that the values in nested place of each tuple is found .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  nested   get

test:  parses headers for a lines of raw lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert groups with values in dict v .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  map   map

test:  return the lock from fd .
truth: lock file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates a url for the given token .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs coverage dict for a grid of fields .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc toc extensions from opengl to type .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the home directory of the user cli example: .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   config
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan and network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return masked but not used to return if were not already found .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transform two hash strings by using the composite algorithm .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a generator that will return a list of pairs where each string is a sorted list of integers .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether a string has a valid default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  checks   handle
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut of a list of tuples .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   a

test:  compare a normalized density between two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   push
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   a

test:  get the loop loops from the loop in a list .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  loop   display
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  if we skip things .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   item

test:  wait until func() has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  if   call
truth:  func   func

test:  get tabs at all tabs replaced with a specific output file .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   coordinate
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  dummy validator to create a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description of the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port on which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in maintenance cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return a string from the given length v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a topic tree nodes .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate synthetic image .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  points   points

test:  create a breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get extra loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns data starting from data .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an object to a python object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  to   function

test:  a test function which returns a hookrecorder method which helps for the current test .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  returned   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm sequence .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the name of the dev device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  run the given audio system .
truth: get streams . 
test:  run   certificates
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert two numbers .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system permission .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  check if the x is a compatible type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get the tour keys .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  ask a banded roots for an bias .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to check if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  richtext_filter_level lambda function of the first kind and its values: .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  sending message to simulate v1 to the room token .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  creates a new stub for the specified request .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of data read from the file .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  print   return
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a relative url string .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  check to make sure that erfa variables are valid .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  to   history
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the device is a file or a device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a list of keys are present in the list of keys .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide round(4*^); non-zero filter for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific islands only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  provide   null

test:  parses the given string into entity and their escaped .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  set   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  decode the reverse graph shutdown() .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in k[x] at a in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  differentiate   null
truth:  order   order

test:  aux function .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the list of doc .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if the provided string is an ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  returns   functions
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read a numpy file from a file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   get
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if a directive contains some special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   method

test:  add a problem to an existing problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return the extension of the html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and restore them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where package looks like a "cross-platform" path; it will be supplied as a "cross-platform" path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  perform theano function or inverse of the call like zeros like prefix: .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  lookup   calculate
truth:  like   like

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package with partial ebs .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract tests from python-memcached .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a flash .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   new
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in an ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole string .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a constraint object for a given type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return firewall name from a zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  compute the elements of goodness-of-fit elements .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  writes subscription from subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload tarball to local system .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  download   tarball
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a none .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns tuple of resolves between 0 and fitness .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   list
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outline   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if the file is connected .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  if   command
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the rank of the given rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a class corresponding to suffix an object .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a pandas ip address to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  flatten a variable with one tensor or more elements .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  get a human-readable term by name .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this endpoint is used into 'dc' mode .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  to   a
truth:  destroy   session

test:  a convenience function to return the node nodes in the bipartite graph nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return url corresponding to glance with budget_staff .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  return   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list if it exists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  converts   calculate
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  complete prefix describing python 2 .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a proxy function that should make a static before a method .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance for an host backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched or display for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  extract the hosts and switch from request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  sign   instance
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the gpu conversion is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from 'print' file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  confirm   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to connect to a given system by using the specified filename cli example: .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  get all roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns true if a timestamp is in its expired .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  match request parameters axes() list of route functions .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  request   redirect
truth:  to   null

test:  return a suppression of the input individuals given the inputs .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance in the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace git command with a new command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  replace   calls
truth:  git   git

test:  type tests - a function or a function name or a function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  to   test

test:  execute a llvm function this function calls the compositions argument to the given ssl/tls .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   document
truth:  define   a

test:  unset multiple keys in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test the timeout class .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a source of reference to a list of remote branches .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   check
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key keyword arguments by parsing the current string field .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  show a string of the django and either none or an empty string .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the unique number of responses .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote bazaar repository from a file .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  working   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  send a file quality and save it to an int .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  process   a
truth:  log   history

test:  send command with startedjobregistry and logout movement if not running multiple messages .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  command   exit
truth:  using   testing

test:  returns the users authentication headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  given an obj .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db in es db .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  sets   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  convert pil .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reset current window that can be passed to the movie window .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get a list of a page with a page that can be a page to get the default page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event object .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test the no bundle can no different units .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  test   test
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge a module from one document .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merge   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  to   run
truth:  config   config

test:  a generic and determine if the given user has course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mimetype of the mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  get the configured file details .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a djangousermixin and a master frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lookup a callable function name for a callable .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  look   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the quota image by image or storage .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   method

test:  gpu or process .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  render   gradient
truth:  set   set

test:  factory that adds a doc[i] document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  null   null
truth:  append   append

test:  set groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the total imap item in the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we have to assert the resulting size and return a string .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list for true .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string object .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  config   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create an ordered list of parameters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given job .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch relation for the clebsch module .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  color   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  creates a new email with a msgid node .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the name of the current instance .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a list of tuples of channel images containing ids of the users lambda function .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  change the docker mine container name or id cli example: .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  change   args
truth:  kill   kill

test:  compare two keys in key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  find the formatted code that a given region .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses the list of management account and the info read .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a string representation of a named argument in the same order .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  given   build
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  allow you to simplify a list of *options* .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  use   url
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through zero .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return the path of the install a folder .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to get indices of a source space using a source estimate .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   network
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new application populated with the same type .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an expression .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  obtain data from highest-priority .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  input   cbs
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  same as list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  bytestring an ascii context for the same context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetch type with looking for a 2d index .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a new mkdir command .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  sort the given cluster mapping .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  return whether we have a given dtype .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  queue endpoint for getting endpoint from s3 files .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test stim channel for edf data .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   events
truth:  if   test

test:  checks if all module is available as being used in a module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of environment names currently being used by the provider .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   need
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer to a string of integer .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the start and end period of a start start and end today period .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  get error on invalid dhcp_option_id lookup .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   eip
truth:  error   error

test:  recursive function to get the current system .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections from a loop into their respective parts .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  add   add

test:  check if the target list has no distributions and has it .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  if   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  parse password with an ssh server .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  password   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   html
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  list 405 handler .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  checks if an subprocess is a block device .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  updates contacts metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main ziphandler collector from the saml instance of the setup_environment subsystem .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  control   logs
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract key from key starting with key in the client if found .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of best seeds from a orbit degree .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to etreefor an html html html event type .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  function   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets a list of degree scanning for the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a file has a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  simple task wrapper to print the admin_password of a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a comprehension comprehension or string for the given node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize an entry in a userdata compatible fashion .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  iterate   instances
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   requires
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema in a scheduled_at whose keys are element prefixes and values are element objects .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a json web token id that can be updated with an salt for an active protection .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  default encrypt class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  temporarily merge the following describes the force force all the following way: user .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  merge   files
truth:  given   null

test:  return the signature as per connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the circle intersection loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   get

test:  return string in string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test installing with docker points to the docker container points .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the list of all known namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   information

test:  respond with a students which will respond with a students who have been updated for the students .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  initiate   course
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the linear inequality matrix .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  initialize   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return the path to the directory containing __init__ .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts :py:class:bytes object to a string containing a python data object .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  display the execution and install only for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  config   server
truth:  return   a

test:  update the command line by name .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  run code in the given module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  code   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  ensure that the user took correctly .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the specified command against system .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   arguments
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  return an existing fst directory path for the given filename in the given fst path .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   search
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts the filedescriptor object and embedded embedded positional .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  go   null

test:  make a testcase to serve tests .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is this string it contains empty strings .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a new sum to the given path .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object with base kwargs .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if matrix is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  apply   compute
truth:  p   p

test:  considering between vectors of the vectors in x and vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats a message whose unicode is stored in msgelse .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  prepend   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks if a file is a file containing the path .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add corresponding metadata to the json data .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   view
truth:  null   null

test:  walk a blob and retrieve its path and __init__ .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   path
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into executable and make the items for encountered .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   get
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns the path with the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  complete rules of a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  using   null

test:  computes unique average .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  multivariate   correlation
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a += b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return return shi .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build questions for a given dataset if the feature is also provided .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   information
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a cms-signed text to an intersection of the given format .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a grid from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets list returns a dictionary describing any named targets list of targets .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build url or a url if required .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return an allocated vnc ports for vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   ports
truth:  return   return

test:  subscribe tb on python 2 compatibility: exception tb .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  code   translate
truth:  check   check

test:  sets the the history interface .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   history
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts a stack in gcs notation to the specified stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  converts   power
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detect whether the event handler is a listener .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  handle an error message and raise a message if its not met .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  handle   time
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task to be processed in the user .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  request   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : lparen expression rparen .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   p
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an selinux .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   value
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return copy of matrices .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  convert   a

test:  waits for an arbitrary resource to a resource .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  append   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get a service catalog for a service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  get   null
truth:  select   null

test:  decode size and return sequences .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  decode   normalize
truth:  read   read

test:  set translations for given translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the user-specific config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   users

test:  get legacy qos specs and load a valid volume type .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply all the first item in an iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  t of variation .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   pdf
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random alphanumeric string of bytes_length iam characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts the given string to an integer .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  test   return
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address args: path: global or none returns: address string representation .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get qurl input from user .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer represented as a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  find   find

test:  set the value of a round round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation the given row and setup the desired row with information .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  setup   initialisation
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  internal routine will decodes a string and indent it in the form will return its position .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  get the gluster version of the gluster command .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  to   read
truth:  perform   a

test:  perform a dictionary or string matrix .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  creates two outputs of gradients .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  -   -

test:  return true if the file has a list of files in the current list .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return an smtp email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  return   email
truth:  email   email

test:  format datetime in datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run the supplied module .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf1 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  internal http response object for significance constructor .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   fraction
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a string of a particular key .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute nodes in g to each boundary of g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test a amplitude instruction .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  simple function for allowed benchmarks .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  validates the error field of a tuple .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary consisting of the form field value .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  function   a
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  send an email with the desired email addresses of fullname .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  returns the value of the system software output .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of a string with padding .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the distributed function .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  compute   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  return whether or not the latex is at which white space .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  request a task to be created for a background task .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  request   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  get the next if holiday falls on next if holiday falls within the date .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  truncate   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  create an flat list from a galaxy_session .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  invalidate all the vms args: filename: : called for the range of a call to invalidate the api .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  clears   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that changes the stdout in a with statement .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  create a java-style users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  notify   exists
truth:  send   a

test:  if we are arr / arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  like _simplesizer .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if appbundle is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the prlsrvctl executable cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  compares the given attributes on an system and then target' .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  compares   words
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a version of type types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a :app:pyramid .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  construct   new

test:  helper method to create git instance containing git track .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  git   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return the current table .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  return   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  invalidnick'{}' an unread message from a query .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll listening processes .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  is   waits
truth:  wait   up

test:  add the schema set in the given schema .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of flavor zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  delete elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   query
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via env command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  make an exception .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set up the netatmo component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check if an node is modified by the given root node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version integrate version has been initialized for all the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a schema .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   convert
truth:  if   null

test:  send and receive a message to the given controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  send   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger id .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  install the oracle .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  install   prints
truth:  require   null

test:  return version cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  'sdb an updates device in permutations with a given device .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  point   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting with nodes in the graph .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  convert a best source source source string to a container source file .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an rcode element-wise tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  call gce create a node .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  call   vm
truth:  create   a

test:  return a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for coordinates about a particular coordinate matrix .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic stochastic speech index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   null

test:  get the branch setting based on the current request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume iterator that tests the given iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  outputs   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce a string to a null element .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  cast   value
truth:  value   value

test:  attempt to determine whether it has been set .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  checks   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  define   send
truth:  blocking   non

test:  is a set returns the string passed in a string thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  wrapper for adding a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  strip   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  generate coordinates of pixels within shape .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  create   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns whether a process or not a given pid exists .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  load a storage object from a file .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  load   get
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the os'] configuration and commits if the given parameters provided : the os'] provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  if path is a directory .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  send   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the memcache options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  callback decorator that whenever the call an exception is raised by the call to call another function .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path from filepath unless its in shutil .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of strings representing a sort from a string of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the class for attribute *attr* *attr* of *typ* [1]_ .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  find a template path .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  return the user refresh by an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  return   fake
truth:  add   a

test:  expands some sort setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  neighbor discovery classes .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the default yarn setting for the path .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  combine modified timestamp .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  modified   sets

test:  print snmp error information for available network .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  print   error
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gets plugin filenames for iterable stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  plugin   create
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a list of files for the given path .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find the base directory in which the directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts between a string containing a tuple of numbers .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  major a 3 element with python implementation version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a oslo_messaging oslo_messaging serializer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  converts from n categories to n dimensions .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  build a linebreaks options whose value is a dictionary of strings .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  build   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket by address and closes a socket .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   errors
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a homogeneous string by name .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  loads   running
truth:  enables   a

test:  this list from media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  lists   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the current time .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for codedeploy high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  wrap a trace function where the server starts up .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : map_type | list_type | code .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  adds an comment to the end of the comment postfix bridge requirement: * mssql * mysql 5 segs[i .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replace   instances
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path by radians and xml element .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   path

test:  convert time in seconds to seconds since epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all visible stats .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  like os .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  like   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   remove
truth:  order   order

test:  computes the facebook vector is equivalent to the previous vector .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   a

test:  generates primary actions .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  server   server

test:  find *safe* and quality whitespace .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  swap   x
truth:  find   image

test:  convenience function for bug in numeric output .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  return the response object without any html encoder .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  create   a

test:  assert that asserting a template with the given message .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   sending
truth:  send   send

test:  add the supplied arguments to string argument list of strings @todo: parses the string containing all commands listed in order .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  gets r info .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  get proxy setting for bypass environment variables to use in a environment .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  make   a
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads images in the folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   images
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a file-like file name into two representative file name .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get all templates by user_id .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the the named entry from the group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  get   return
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the prefix matches ignored prefix .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  yield inputs starting with given response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified validators activity type .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  raises   null

test:  make request for an error response .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the base class name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  provides details of the network device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get key by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all available compiler flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   object
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether an object is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that deletes a course if it fails .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  sort iterable objects using sorted order .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic bug can accept pluggable .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively return a argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   property
truth:  arg   arg

test:  python 2 .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  authenticate   version
truth:  caching   null

test:  takes a list of logs and checks .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  yield   modules
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all ckan debugdir file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  formats amount of amount of items to a single simplify .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the provided objects according to the rules in this context .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   authorization

test:  stacks a 2d tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  set pixel for hyperlinks and return a config file .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  set   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  check if the file should be changed .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  sets   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  produce a string for the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the c_name version of currently installed .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a service name .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  read a document from a document .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   deserialize
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a datetime .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : const_value expr | empty .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of fields from a specified model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  clear module from the current thread .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  test   a
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for wsgi host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   chop
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with package specification for the specified package .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return numpy array .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decrypts cypher using key in the registry .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypts   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a number .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  given   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  a file descriptors to child processes in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  file   str
truth:  file   file

test:  run a command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  compute   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  wraps multiple breadcrumbs .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a string to a tree of bytes encoded in string form .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  extract all of the warnings flags as per warnings in the same format .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  find   find

test:  generate sjson algorithm used internally and extract the information from the text speed .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the markup for a specific markup .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load all compiler files from the same length as other directories given in a given library .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load a given object from the file and return it .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   arrays
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap arguments with nested argument and enables are executed .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  returns the data for the stored folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   try

test:  default function used to test the response to continue .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  used   a
truth:  rendered   page

test:  return reducer for each item in the supplied list by their lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  direct   find
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extract the first value from a location .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  value   value

test:  update/create sample images .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return whether a user has contributor a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return data values: or second value in each row in data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterate over the events in an exception file .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name for a config dictionary .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  returns the timestamp of a section to the section in section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates method object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for concrete 2 .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the specified lock has focal size .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a random dict of idle dict .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a wait device .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns an exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for issue (dict .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return neighbor of a neighbor filter parameters names : value .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  system up total number generator with plot-schema .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split path into some system path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  split   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   container
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove auth .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  null   method

test:  join long as an empty string s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  join   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make two numbers .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of ports groups the port port specified by the port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password for the user .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   use
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decode a date of the 100 but decode it .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  return the os version of supported configuration .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get object vertexes from agrees .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the low-level complex of a trust or iterator of parsed in the sequence .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  deprecated wrapper for markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  function   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  takes the first character of a list .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  extract   opuntia
truth:  enforce   a

test:  creates a newline string and returns the appropriate "stack" value .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts string into clickable quotes .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  input description of an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling package with a broken files .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstall   check
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  cleans any pixel if label_dict text .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that using -e letter correctly .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that camelcase keys match json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  *fn* root function to use in the numerically on metric with the x .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  coefficients   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around execute() that validates mappings .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  aggregate   functionality
truth:  support   support

test:  sliding an array in array .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   split

test:  decode the contents info value .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decode   time
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers from global tables this renewablecert class .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  this decorator converts a decorator to the appropriate content and/or processor django .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  classify two documents .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  return   documents
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show raw column info .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  tag   markdown
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  detect the operation in a list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main method .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  generates the plays points and save the current page and the main zone which were loaded to the correct kind of the file .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  particular watching a string .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  filter a dictionary with keys in the value .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test setting of bad bootstrap_button .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  compute a call .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  fix   fix

test:  from a dict of grouping in coala .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  output   output

test:  construct a binary string if positional is specified .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  style style the appropriate size of the given block .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  prints an cost .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the notify notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter in the func for routes .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of int/string .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor with uniform distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates proxy .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current sleep' timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves all flask example application .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  updates   directory
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the name of the tests without the version file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for specified resource .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   lists
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a switchport object .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a variable .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  get   return
truth:  open   a

test:  return standard deviation of standard samples from standard samples .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  recursive   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all lists .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the string from an sql statement .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  helper function to filter [user@host] output and return before/after .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set the given group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   reference
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add the tag to a tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  return the type of the object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  check whether the system is available and should be retried .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluates sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  sampling   function
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new movie of movie references from a movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the name of the package that the gce instance .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string or special characters .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   add
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a flavor access list of available access given flavor access the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of the zpool available on the system .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for recv_process .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  creates   everything
truth:  release   release

test:  return the authentication form of a given user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  return   function
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest cameras .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute on an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  checks for source flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  checks   comment
truth:  source   source

test:  return the version of the system version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   return

test:  read fully pages of a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  read   a
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  get the configured number of instances in key exchange .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   convenience
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unpack a nan for a provided subpixel .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the file size and pretty print a string using the given file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  to   version
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the allowed string is allowed .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  display an rgb file to the specified 2-tuple of 1st an rgb file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  process   null
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  get the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  return the value of a configuration item .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random random string :return: only composed of externally length .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   service
truth:  generates   a

test:  we want none along frac neighborhood this function .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  submits   comparablex509
truth:  null   a

test:  return query as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  return   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for handling methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary hit-or-miss transform .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn a dataset that "<sport_slug>/athletes/<athlete_slug>/" both word and turns it into a valid filename .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  load   load

test:  <= -> f(x) return true if line matches line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the size of the field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the flash password for allowed times .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   in
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  find   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  a decorator to add cached size of a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   directory
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  adds a user object to the tenant if it exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  executes syslog-ng on the col device .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate python object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  evaluate   value
truth:  null   method

test:  list the policies name .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   instances
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a value to visible .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  set the default value of the given setting for each category .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  return the precision file to a comment with the given name .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  print   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  get unique key function .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  running   in

test:  verifies filename is a nest optimization we must allow overriding of its " .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  locate   seed
truth:  if   check

test:  return the python path for this windows module .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a importability of apply operation .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   update
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  add two things: receiver to each side of the given length cubic int .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  add   kernel
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new instance type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  catch the repo repository and get the list of files .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  import a single tool .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  import   list
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if an active schedule is enabled cli example: .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  list   a

test:  enable or disable an existing comment output .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  run   correlation
truth:  install   a

test:  return information useful in bug .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  get a cluster by name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  force a dataframe to a list of strings containing value of the given node with the slice node .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create a test that just a libraries .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if value is a boolean like so: but the true will not false .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   comparison
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize out the git repository .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  commits   controller
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the ssh gateway private .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of changes in the current figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get unique version of redis breadcrumbs .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   landmarks
truth:  labels   labels

test:  converts l{libvlc_media_list_lock} into a groovy .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the document has you use this string instead of you use the document instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  analyzes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   summary
truth:  header   header

test:  load a persistent x data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  left   null

test:  check for valid .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   find
truth:  check   no

test:  deserialize and sign an available interval differ sha using columns .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  coerce json representation of an synsets string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  list the list of the loaded modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test various life threads from nex async threads .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to invoke exceptions at foo raise exceptions if api is not a decorator .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  define   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set the privileges to peak scripts also supports async classes .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  set   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  export a document from telnet storage location this function will be written .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  execute the job with the status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent sigmoid matrix by dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   haproxy
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait until process is running .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple class decorator for creating a new-style class by specifying the name of the look up or equal to the class .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  mocks   class
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a variety of http date formats into a :class:~werkzeug of http objects .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tag an image .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  attempt to edit original .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  makes   binary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download link link download a translation link .
truth: process one link . 
test:  function   uses
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-commit(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout opts any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the app .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder already satisfied links links satisfied using latest already used .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that passing tikteck cases in different cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  packed morphological encoding .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the method type(s) to an int .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate the histogram of a histogram difference between two images .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  strips a string through alignment plugins and display it in the caller .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  convert   example
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the repo url is a remote repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  make   existence
truth:  verify   null

test:  gets the list of cache file and formats it to be found .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  remove   apk

test:  print a warning code and then the given exceptions .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi wsgi server as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  loads each file which looks up to log each file .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  loads   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show the same hint -> item .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   message

test:  get a list of user body for a user .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an existing topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a higher order function to return a user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  null   n
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  export traces if master is automatically specified in master thread .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  export   null
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries from a dictionary y .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test data handling outside of data .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove back from back reference and remove the senderkey dependency-check from this file .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  do   null

test:  basic auth handler .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  null   install
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a proj to the proj plot .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  add   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the current problem attempts to the specified problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the display cache directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if a directory in subjects_dir mri subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check whether a hash value denotes a fallback .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  check   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  add specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update the status .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  combine   import
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator that raising a function to run once .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  helper function to create a newline that matches newline .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   module
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string in readable port to an integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if we should be protected .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  change   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same thing with line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the modbus connection with the twisted interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   method

test:  tests stats for test'] on the collection across one dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  tests   fit
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete variables are discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the command line to execute locale by locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parse   set
truth:  use   use

test:  cast a casts or instance of the type type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  makes a class instance of its full key .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  start   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses the html string from a source file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test surface up solution for unpickle bem .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  io   compare
truth:  reading   reading

test:  f decorator .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  automatically creates exception .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  perform   dc
truth:  socket   socket

test:  tries to find a css instance .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a resources entry from the pool or a value for the specified resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  read   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  constructs a string of data that contains raw data .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replaces x values of the math function .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  replaces   exp
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes polynomial remainder in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in dna and errors empty dict or mapping checks checks for valid sub-indices to errors in dna barcode checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield all items in sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view of confirmation requests .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  view   email
truth:  null   null

test:  convert time spec with optional s/m/h/d/w suffix .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  returns whether an rpm package to be installed .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  zones configuration this lists the hosts that should be accessible when the firewall is stopped or starting .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   configuration

test:  read the child pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to create filename and return the base form contains a given filename .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  object   object

test:  return true if the given code is c{et} .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  return   in
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize dates back to the current julian transformation .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  set   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a start date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   service

test:  test the state of a dataset with state layers and train it for the dataset .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to find a baremetal post config .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  downloads   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the specified master exists name the name of the master connection to create master connection : false .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  modify   master
truth:  set   set

test:  add the url to the utm project .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  parse loops and store the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  get   args
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until start until start with share until start or not .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  return ansi escape style string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   remove
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get the list of containers directly in the docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  call matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  create a rule if the given metadata are skipped .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  create   reference
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return a boolean for whether or not a given node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   upgrade
truth:  call   call

test:  get yesterdays promo math in a 5-tuple .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  if   return

test:  pem commented .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  docstring   network
truth:  null   utility

test:  signal handler for the application exit .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all registered cluster definitions .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list locally installed modules cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  given a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  given   user
truth:  wait   null

test:  attempts to decode a string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save a distance list to the final number of hits coordinates .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  forces the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return date/time representation of strong format according to formatted for skimage .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  ip   returns
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simple wrapper for a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  null   add
truth:  call   call

test:  return the python object for a filename .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get changes from changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parse a pattern file and build the input events .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should test for a multi-line doctest .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the matlab matrix whose values are tagged at least one score .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test some advanced function .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieves a empty? document from a string or return a dictionary .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  null   image

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set hostnames'] facts if not already present .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package packagename modules .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   os

test:  the api endpoint .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   a
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing html in fill_values column should only replace matching columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if an user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to scenario/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  formats a string format size as a float length .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a dict of all scheduled files .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for masking authority with a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  this function returns a list of otu table definitions .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  opens   null

test:  helper to yield a file and then skip it on the resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a module description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager killing the given target in the plain context .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds an buildinfo proxy .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  calls   function
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  standard out the message with the private key key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the configuration of the users yaml key .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   accept
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test planck of prettytables tests .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate unit flag flag based on unit preferences .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  add   unit
truth:  related   update

test:  when script is run .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  null   null

test:  change the proxy for plugins that is not a project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  change   update
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return a relative level string or a relative level string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   number
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  merge   error
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a test case because test classes in tests .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  is   null

test:  uses a command to execute an exception if it was changing .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  sets   openssl
truth:  run   a

test:  fetch a list of zones owned name from this module .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  to   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free [k - g*h in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of indices whose signature are the pip created by pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all values in the child .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return a formatted learner object from the given name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given value of the given context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute an undirected filter for a axis of matrices .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  run nesting without transform .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a user message .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  displays   line
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the config configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  ensure   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert hex string to an object .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  generates the cli command line arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  specified   null

test:  read a newer file .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  read   a
truth:  look   null

test:  quote / characters as string .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cumulative density that contain the call to contain the specified probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads a safe repr of an object *obj* by various parameters .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  entry point for the importer available .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  release release environment variables by their lock .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the contiguous input validation of the form corresponding to a mask .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  test   variance
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general bundle file .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the executing paths for a python paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   code
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  retrieves all valid image .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check the version number of epoch .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  check   get
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and incomplete scheduler from an array of points parameters shape : ndarray array matrices .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   null
truth:  time   time

test:  timeseries timeseries according to the current "fancy" of timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  ordered   optional
truth:  is   null

test:  parse tanh of hex strings .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return the number of decimal formatting patterns used by the current locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove an instances from an transifex resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform between all mappings .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  coerce lists to layer3 .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a generator that is used to thrift a tree/line .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: always load . 
test:  let   null
truth:  load   load

test:  adds a unique id to be used if it isnt moved .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the given histogram is kmz .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   set
truth:  selects   null

test:  install a file with a setup .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  install   test
truth:  make   null

test:  this is a string or a native string to a native string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  unicode   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  project files shows the slug .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a byte string with text back into a byte string .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   test

test:  remove a binding from iis with the name the name of the binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get all serial number of serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  null   everything

test:  get the previously holding a snapshots .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  theano the theano graph between theano and ins parameters inputs : writeme graph a new graph the default graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  attach   map
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the str representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  attempts to parse a certificate from a list of certificates .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> unencoded encoded data decode data decode data using the data as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   gzip
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect if the given function node is used in the list of decorators that are being used .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a list of namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create event .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return the file .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  retrieve machine version from the directory .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  remove all thread ids from the input data .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  extend   function
truth:  null   null

test:  parse os-brick .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  run   run

test:  lists check=a&check=b&name=bob& unnecessary regions .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an http request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  get   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  creates an operands of the database storage size .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get name of the machine .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a content in the response .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up a streamhandler .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  displays   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   back
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  parse a gcs uri with whitespace .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   return
truth:  context   context

test:  return true if the projection authored an entity model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for output .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  context   information
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vm for a vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   a

test:  html page to echo the inches options .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  report   sql
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a dictionary of paths to the given path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms of the series of the series
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  get hosts name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get polar angle from counterclockwise angle from radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns individual representation for project translation .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  null   language
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  read a file and encoding from text file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return an object c{obj} for sorting objects .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  create a wiki wiki document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  return whether the volume will be supported .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws secret :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that installing from base_text surface shape bem .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import context under module namespace .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  initialize data from the master row and return its line .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from a file and return text .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n elements of the iterable containing the iterable .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  function to configure the created status of a concurrency modbus .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  to   context
truth:  renders   html

test:  check whether a scope is not in use in a scope .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  if   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  read an ipv4 address from a given ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  saves multiple edges to match some edges or down a png file .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  password   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  check if symbol is a symbol that returns false if symbol is not an iblockdeviceapi .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  displays an object .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp notify mtp test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <custom+tools+plugin> .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   gitlab
truth:  null   null

test:  create new array with a buffer mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  open mode on this server .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  open   location
truth:  set   set

test:  encode js results for the given pool .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  process slices in a slice to the constant data according to the given step .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  process   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string containing pattern of pattern strings .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  local otsus threshold value of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test es2 of clients .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  test   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  utility to draw a n_jobs set .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  to   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip test logs pip .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  takes a string and a notes into its name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks the users private key from user .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine an http error document .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a truncated .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download the versions of a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  there is a value of the idle variable in both the int32 .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  is   real
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials faults to file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  collect error message from units .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  collect   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test ['g keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  went whatever properties from the given message uri .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  send   attempts
truth:  extract   null

test:  compute average variables at a given step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  this tag prints the heading debugging .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a password .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks that a table exists and tables with tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  get progress information .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  cast   value
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  return true if a topic has been qos .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the traversal object object object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  internal helper function to check the system on partition cli example: .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies for vhost via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  returns   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  upload an image into the instance and passes it to be saved .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  pack   uploads
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the square root of n elements .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement type c section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find the first list for a given row of 80 .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   in
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   replacement
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text to the gcode text .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  get the file or directory of f .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   float
truth:  get   get

test:  parses full tree list format that is added to the provided tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start 0 .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string and then normalize the resulting expression .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return union of two lists .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  serialize   union
truth:  union   union

test:  returns an existing draft .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   status
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an http link which will match the given feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter data in kh .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  color   in
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  yield files and store the functions of a python file .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   remove
truth:  yield   null

test:  steps robust process parameters h : array non-zero : array_like .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python version as tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the coinmarketcap sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute the rgb of a slack image .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  compute   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  embed key and string rules .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered modules to the given module .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized boto3 object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   level
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to convert paths to option list .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run csf on a text cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  updates   result
truth:  restart   csf

test:  determine the set of email addresses for email address .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  determine   endpoint
truth:  function   function

test:  generate wrapper for oslos inputs of the metric function .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  read   current
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract all descendant strings from a spanning 'alt' .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  open a socket on localhost and bind to that they are connected .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  log out the user when the @login_required is redirected .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  runs   redirects
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length from the filename starting with the given format .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   length
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of all available python modules .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the primary reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  if   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generates the unique ids counter that may be in a given token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   binary
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten a generator that matches dict by given a given list of lists .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build a default state request .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   handler
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create a new l{iopump} to a send_mail displaying over both transport and transport hooked up to the transport importerrors .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  returns true if filename is a list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the percentage of the vboxmanage command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   input
truth:  return   return

test:  check for version of version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the predefined statements that match the predefined for unspecified .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   paths
truth:  filter   comments

test:  get the color link for a given distribution .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n344 - use list comprehension instead of args .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the results from this block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  write the data from saved types .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  write   
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace extra whitespace with whitespace in between and reduce the level of whitespace .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   decimals
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this is needed to fix test labels need to restore old 74 concatenated in test for each status .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all systemd command arguments for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the some markup as a string .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of *t* .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   update
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle all list in l .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get setting of an smtp setting .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a still object from file .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  create application .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  create   a
truth:  take   action

test:  indent all nodes or more files and format appropriate files .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   one
truth:  return   a

test:  username is email with email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   wrapper
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a pointer to a pointer file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the necessary server reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   view
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  check if the value is a valid variable .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parse an empty string with newline .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  null   class

test:  sample of x by k when k state occurs .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user already exists .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the percentage of the pressure for the current thread .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  render list of wiki documents via the user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  watching   requests
truth:  listing   listing

test:  get account details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns last last last element of line that are in a line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  look   null

test:  difference of buffers .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  given   handle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary representing a intersection of mnist node for a graph .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  builds   null

test:  if inbound is not already naive .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks the value for the value and of an type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return omit state requires u'parser if u'parser and put it .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return an required map: registry name .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an email address for given server .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  get instances from a u'md password .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  preloading   device
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  performs horizontally or arrays using an ssl rectangle .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  generates a module from a file .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  ensure a fake key type is present .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting complete section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  complete   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export the gcode text from the logins text .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with an various js values .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the error handler should handle quoting .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   stop
truth:  -   -

test:  a decorator which makes class via http request .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  update the current thread .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  list   list

test:  take an index of the ']} module .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  convert an html parser cli examples: .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  lowercase   uses
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if refname[i is in a1 without the version string .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  strip a repeated section string .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the excluded name of a path to the users offset .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should temporarily override context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   find
truth:  list   list

test:  converts an integer to an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main method to mock json to extension .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the specified user-milestone link from the system at_time api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the organization revision .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api stub object on the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  disable all available settings .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return full platform for the backport application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print a stack trace and the stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  dump   a

test:  finds and returns the data in which a given package is found .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  look   null

test:  stop a container by grains cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  parameter_list   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert knots into a new sort of tokens .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks that http response has access to state and credentials .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and set a random string of napiprojekts chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  prepares   list
truth:  generate   a

test:  helper method to add user in a group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return a valid row and numeric character string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a pcap .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  get all employee updates date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves a beacon .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear all registered backup cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if templates is an active platform .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  if   download
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  take a file-like object containing a list of tuples .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  format   wrapper
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns whether the users hash represents a password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for specified resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read json nodes from jit graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  read   implementation
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable the mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  read general tests in strings .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  float   pass
truth:  get   python

test:  parse now set time bytes and time into our bar .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a lexer dict describing a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  add an image at layer level .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  add   header
truth:  blend   blend

test:  the function takes a function and returns the argument .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a query object and a list of fields .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  rolls   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that the maximum marker always include a new one .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  test   return
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check to see if the file can be used .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a newer certificate for the given url .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename graphs of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  base   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a datetime from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  checks for a configuration item .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extracts id from a utf-8 member .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ climate .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  configs   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  return whether the specified signature is matched .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  change process if the keystone gid .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  process   a
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  redirect alternate view .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   null

test:  adds database using 'args database %s 'args database %s 'args full cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and the text if text has write the inner text string .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all non-blank percentage in user edits .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for job methods which may be a method with the right method .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set the jid on a specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  articles articles dictionary .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get submodule section 9 .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parses counters facts in the yarn dictionary .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   comment
truth:  parse   a

test:  adds a requested environment variable and adds it to the specified key .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  add   path

test:  retrieve all tags associated with an iam resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  retrieve   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  send a message .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  send   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test sure the data in the format pointers .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   correctness

test:  swap nt used in namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   factory
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   people

test:  compute the codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  get   null
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  set   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  return the items of an iterable paired with its next item .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   return
truth:  s   s

test:  gets timezone offset of a particular timedelta .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if vowels field is short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  short   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test source times .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   mne

test:  run a string through the given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  run   a
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the positions norm of distance in the vectors .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  computes   distance
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a belong .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  decorate   func
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  returns true if path is either a suffix or a suffix .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constant constant attribute should have all es 2 .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  testing   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams in non-crlf .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  get one or more sensible category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  run the command and return its output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  kill   start
truth:  run   cmd

test:  returns a random log mode .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all timestamp .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack a time with the specified session .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  unicode bytes bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  pack   pack

test:  change the attributes of the given bridge .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   strings
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the disk users disk value from users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   a

test:  0wrapped class takes a function with a different name and which takes the same name in the class .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  converts   find
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate utf-8 content from either a message or a simplified http request .
truth: convert response . 
test:  form   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  test the currently-implemented function with no column ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  test   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  return dictionary of query_string in graphviz layout format from node .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   node

test:  the loading does nothing .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  release   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test that no results .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the pci address of the pci address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  populate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a value is set .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   transaction
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a network identified by its safely id .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  unicode   network
truth:  null   network

test:  launches a view .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to set the warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  installs the first system and install the device at given path .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  installs   commands
truth:  install   a

test:  return the path to the git or compiled cache directory .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  main function to be called from the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  to   method
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the status of the appropriate rights for the given collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  factory function to reload an nginx module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   version

test:  call n .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print out an xml string to stdout .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  prints   debug
truth:  dump   null

test:  create or create an attachment form .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   attachments

test:  a comparison matrix .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the cosine distance between two points .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   summary
truth:  computes   null

test:  add bottom with two points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  loop   add
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set redis config .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   a

test:  get text colors in the same length as a string and returns a list of colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   sql
truth:  add   syntax

test:  boolean boolean value .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   spatial
truth:  null   null

test:  create or update a directory if its not already exist .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a string to 100 .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : storage id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   launchd

test:  expression components in ban .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  files   run
truth:  ban   add

test:  returns the requested cpu policy should be identified .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  uninstalls   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone name for a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a natural object by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   user

test:  nt quality having tokens with illumina and filter records for each read .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   run
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all characters from xml characters .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  string   reverse
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert constant and np .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  server   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read testing data .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  read   null
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the disk network is a block device cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate to the icinga2 icinga2 cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   function
truth:  save   null

test:  find a query of type n with a given name .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if values reachable reachable between the web .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  passed   null
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that handles datetime objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  dumps   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates a user .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  no activation function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  copy the given element in a list .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix a cron reference to a particular file .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fix   subscription
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a line by non-empty indentation .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  indent   line
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes in the traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   performance
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() offset .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  get the default list of multiple pieces .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a c{bytes} .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  return a dictionary containing the grains of all requests .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  yield all games matching one of the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the argument with the provided context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return the shared folders of a list of users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to an element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import the full modules listed in the system import .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a certificate from a path .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  logging create a proxy .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  splits a string to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and set its path .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two points .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  replace html to prevent a string with convolutional characters .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  opens a repository .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns tuple of dask .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a request .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a given stream to reach a status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   connection
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  replace markdown columns that need to be loaded .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  escapes   null

test:  checks if a image is distance enough to an image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  if   find
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default function for non-admin an iterable of tuples .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  function   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the variable is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate the schema .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  improves   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return arma representation of ar and standard deviation .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  get   get

test:  return the relative path of a file .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get all installed models for all models in this project .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  get   list
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the full plugin plugins in the directory structure for the provided plugin in the directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string to an int .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  downloads and returns all available files .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  returns the refif reference from a refif reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry tasks specified by cls and a task with cls .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  endpoint   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  parse pretty-printing market id any album .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  disallow for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  reports execution of a user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  command   update
truth:  ask   user

test:  get the next version of the operating system path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log a message by module: ini .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create user save user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main tree barcodes in tree labels and include labels if so we need to exact valid fasta labels and the number of ids in tree of fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   percentage
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test loading a file with json and dataset .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  lists   information
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change index index index for the user .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  change   upgrade
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  see find_boundaries .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  clear the django database .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to load a pathname .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function: show a string with labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  decorator used to register a single profiler .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  set the mtime service .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  set   return
truth:  to   check

test:  handles a wsgi tb and handles all the request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   exception
truth:  handles   a

test:  get the then if required configuration is a static file .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for widely .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   view
truth:  breaks   up

test:  sets the rules used by the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  set   set

test:  decode unicode to bytestrings string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  unicode   base64
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a configured client level name cli example: .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  access   access

test:  return timestamp that has not been previously registered with a default coin time .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  flip   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint but returns lists of strings read from a list of column names .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  transform a function by ruby its param into a single ruby .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an array of evoked .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only works on thesoftwareupdatemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  inline-image : extended parameters .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect translations from a list of files .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  return   a

test:  delete version number entries from project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the mm method of kwargs .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  build   null
truth:  set   set

test:  code that runs syntax .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the potential branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  register a specific connection cli example: .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  error   instances
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search storage file .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get a alarm metric .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  unpack   value
truth:  value   value

test:  change dependencies that are not known to the change .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  change   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to the specified redis and authenticate if specified .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  tear   container
truth:  test   test

test:  compute size of a value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  align   a

test:  assign flavor/image pairs to the appropriate video handler .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test if a duplicate quality looks like an fields .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  test   github
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the elements of a dag .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   key
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new permission group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the function is a bound generator that takes in unbound .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list all policies within the list of host_names .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over all plugins in the specified interface .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set all common ids .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  set   whitespace
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the utc post validation .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope adds support for the build to provide cleanup failure instead of builds the build steps :rtype: none .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command to read the files listed in a given directory .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test the sum of an image .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  compute   scale
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the token from a dict and return parsed content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   export
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the total stub for use on a system .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  request   null
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   normalize
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed sendundo .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  use   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  helper function to negative normal token .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract particular option content from the media-ranges .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with correct paths .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in twisted 2 .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   clone
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  validates a command line argument value .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  perform   definition
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to mark magic functions as serial if available .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   a
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the efficiently x such that gamma = a prime matrix w : list of users elements in the input vectors .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the string of whitespace chars in a single space .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  to   sequences
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a value to a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield non-empty/non-comment lines and filter trailing whitespace .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  yield   prefix
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor header of assigning data .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  run a process from streams .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   control
truth:  run   run

test:  run the html executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  main script .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  same as a monomial of two numbers .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create the argument that will be used to add arguments to the script .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get a list of permissions .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  compute the hyperbolic count of the most significant table .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  reads the metadata for a file and returns the module .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract the inventory from a json file .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  move a file from device .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  move   a
truth:  error   error

test:  function that returns centers loss for batch given centers loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  batch   returns
truth:  center   loss

test:  test using a bug that raises an error if its not shown .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  taken   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  check if a process in the keychain .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  to   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  gets a list of classes .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  process   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of allocated hosts for a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  actually check to see if two words are equal .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of a number of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the given magic is not supported .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of active servers for the given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  return   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find a sample file for the given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  get the policy string .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search output formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   args
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the fake item of the iterator with inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  return   token
truth:  replace   replace

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  convert string to ascii string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  string   function
truth:  string   string

test:  utility method for smartos rights from content .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   inject

test:  decorates a client to the checkout post needed for webhook .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all valid hosts .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   python
truth:  get   a

test:  list flag argument names to install in a eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict with embedded resources ordered by rdfvalues .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control client in the given fixed test .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a string to make them .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   transcripts
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  extracts an absolute number from an absolute uri given a uri of absolute values .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  return   scheme

test:  endpoint for an image using the hypergeometric calculate the new rational calculate the console swisscom .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  null   count
truth:  changes   changes

test:  perform test for #3319 .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  sets the version string to use for debugging .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  sets   completion
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  gradient of a value .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  quantize   a

test:  formats the size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends a status request to the given status code .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  sends   error
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  receives the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' action input .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon from polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   centroid
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all backup columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  resets the path to the scripts directory .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  import   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a system tool executable or directory .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  print the full url to the current request or the full url .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the main test method for a single test with icon if the user fails .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  display   sys
truth:  patch   patch

test:  clear a form form .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime object into an integer .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   verbose
truth:  get   get

test:  import the javascript function and automatically modifies the metadata function .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  import   a
truth:  is   null

test:  check an z_p[z] executable / search for sources .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a voice .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  get an stopped handler that will reach a rectangle .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  called   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given directory that were moved to the files and delete them at the
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  restore a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  a wrapper for yaml subtree .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  dump   a

test:  dwindle an inset gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes xs .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  return the logs for the given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function to parses the first request to the provided http header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  null   sequence

test:  adds multiple tweets from a reply file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode incoming encoded images into base64-encoded base64 with a new encoded data .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  search a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   series
truth:  search   series

test:  derivative points network device conforming to the given shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  starting   starting

test:  change the cache that can be used by ciphertext cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  change   shell
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu enquiry section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme of a theme with a given session .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that has a custom view .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call func_to_retry and humans: .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  expected   steps
truth:  make   null

test:  all methods or not a fullscreen handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all tasks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  set up string in x-www-form-urlencoded format .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  split a form request based on the wsgi environment .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  in-place the invalid reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  builds the number of 1085102592571150095 bits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  multiply   url
truth:  count   count

test:  set the system restart to the system restart after the password .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns an xml tree .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders a ancestors of ancestors of ancestors last_updated {% load balancer %} {{ form|as_crispy_errors:"bootstrap" }} .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  traverse filesystem tree and concatenate any files of a folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  traverse   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  used for hold parameters to make up content to target .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  used   null
truth:  targets   targets

test:  merge multiple blocks in a single list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   return
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  figure access to default group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return rubbish instance from a collection of pythons getiter() file having a python object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests to return the string with bytes similar kind .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an iis feature .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of legal names of a source string .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a stc object .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes all files .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  check whether the ironic connection can be enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator which wraps a function in an extension language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  turning   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list the filesystem modules cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns list with length regex members .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  import the entire test if not found .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  import   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  add all links into unique .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  adds   remove
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract address from zero or af_inet6 returns: none if both address is valid .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  detect   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process contained style .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  process   filter
truth:  compare   contents

test:  takes a dict .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of v2 between v2 and v2 dict .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  set   topic
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the start and z or equal to the provided start .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write new versions .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  write   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the frequency log zero for numpy .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this endpoint tries to parse an endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  compute a single prng .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam watching a question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon deployed can be used primary .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  this is a template based on its "if template name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks whether the provided member is a member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  check   return
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   test
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front region lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper decorator to cleanup the file to a chunk parameters in memory .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  validate the local ip address for a given ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  if   null

test:  calculates an ordereddict of size .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  calculates   routine
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml input and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if distances are consistent correctly .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts value from the current request .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  value   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sort fqdns based on the dictionaries in version number .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if server is made up socket .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns block block block block details .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  block   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a file to the repo .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   uploads
truth:  release   release

test:  converts a path to an filepath .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  locate properties from a complex assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  strips   worker
truth:  build   build

test:  run a command from an new_branch_dir or a given command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  makes a jupyter inverse of a closest with labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a point or string to a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   model
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import loader .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  return an instance of the pixels that are in the import of a library .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  return   diff
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the storage time zone as a tzinfo .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  creates   time
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if labels is a valid subset of labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  array   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return if a matrix is no .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  if   attributes
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that correct values can be loaded .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds etags information to the instance or exclude instance for each model instance .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  check that connection is not a string .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns true if *cluster_summary* fails .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  test   test

test:  convenience function .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process and all of its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  call   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  request an image id or pil functions .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   calling
truth:  converts   a

test:  join two rows and right tokens back to the left .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   column
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate the path for flocker available distribution of a given distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  converts   polynomials
truth:  null   null

test:  determine if file name is a valid package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  if   a
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all files of unix path .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  read the named value from the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  read   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function and returns a copy of the failed function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  utility to check if filename is kb .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  reading   reading

test:  publicly decorator to skip test unless the leaf galaxy is json .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load lines in graph by id or file-like object .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get the context dictionary by cybersource the context .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy function for the root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  converts url to "+" unicode or fqdns .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create file debug directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  extract the steps from a job name .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date parameters .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for registering a function or method .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  sets the ['part'] to the staticfiles file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  sets   parameters
truth:  null   part

test:  return a sample of tests with random number of tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the user object returned by the secrets database and its contents deploying the secrets database object .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   attr_gt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test types that have been fully constructor .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   type

test:  take an opcode and returns true if the content keywords are equal .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  text   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  get one or more given query string .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted roads limit of three ground travelled in roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  call   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_delete_char
truth:  test   test

test:  fetches the environment variable and install invalid tree .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  find   find

test:  list all files in the markdown .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  list   in
truth:  print   print

test:  update clear objects .
truth: clear document . 
test:  document   in
truth:  document   document

test:  load images files .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   graph
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  output the binary tensor of a binary tensor and return the output tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  output   log
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if the docs checks are available .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  warn   null

test:  returns the base url for the url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the a[ia] a[ia] .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  take the specified region and stores it in a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  take   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a relative image to a relative number of complex .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  play media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  null   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  same as lamps .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  null   a
truth:  =   =

test:  square-free a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  like   implementation
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse xml .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   column
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prune event with equated events .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  create   event
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a remote host .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a single figure in the datastore .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  get the site specific site key from site .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  set some http headers across all http responses .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  add a ssl certificate to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to change no no environment .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  change   remove
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  a wsgi application in use with wsgi admin .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group type by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  get current config .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  copy all .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test serializing through an issue downloading the bar .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  add a single ip prefix to the list network ip addresses .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  add   value
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of files in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   patches
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve any email to its names .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   copy
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a list of all the weights for a given domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator which skips tests if certain backend test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  performs commands related to site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  reset   check
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  keystore dims[i] - x: form with the lists of - apply - - - there is either extraneous or even .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  form   null
truth:  get   get

test:  uploads a control file to load only the sampling .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  uploads   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an existing path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache parameter status .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  replace the file path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  name   name

test:  construct a 1d action which is true .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned from a specified job id .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test loading mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  to   preloading
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bottom rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  normal an object with bosonic or fermionic operators in the depth expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   function
truth:  write   null

test:  format a string with a dict .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  turn   formats
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that flush logic and run a function event on an image .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  backwards-compatibility euclidean algorithm to parse a bytecode .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class registered by calling a class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  parses   exception
truth:  convert   a

test:  load data from a file-like message in the device using the size series/index .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   read

test:  queries the relevant value .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  change   function
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  raise configurationerror on multiple error handling .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  msg   errors
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a message to the log file at target .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  vectorized index entries .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  get the [{'image' request appropriate request on an image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  get   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a cache dict by name .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  create   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the default arg scope for inception parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters parameters
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  open   function
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static serve a static query with the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  run curve auth with a public curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  run   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  fill fill constraints to percentile constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  this function is called from cdao when the standard cdao .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  function   formats
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a relative attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  get connection argument value for console .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch for myloc .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air-by-date format .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out results of dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  extension non-ascii characters .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users for a user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a directory named "path" exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  defined files have dom files .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   outline
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the passed url belongs to stackoverflow url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate samples of the input hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the current model class .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  get authentication backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  push the state of a cycles in a postgresql loop .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap alterations paragraphs with paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  enhances   check
truth:  using   null

test:  decorator that maps a function or method to a function with a given matcher parameter .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  apply all the data .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions a test suite by test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  compare two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  startup the unsafe:: standard output to unknown .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a point with each component the dot .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   a

test:  return a string containing the titles titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  return   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the path component of the current host cli example: .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  return   path
truth:  if   null

test:  add paths to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of certificates to be committed to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  return   str
truth:  writes   null

test:  read pattern from file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   change
truth:  content   content

test:  try to log a django management response header with request headers substituted .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  to   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable lines of parseable lines .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write unicode mode to file using text filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  find parameters from resolving .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch the 401 url for http url and return response .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that args in the integer .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  check   function
truth:  throws   null

test:  create a worker deployment for use a column-based deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the interface addresses from freebsd slave .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the database has been modified .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  print unformatted and exit to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  parses secret config file to parses an api configuration .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   verifies
truth:  update   a

test:  particular transaction view .
truth: error view . 
test:  djangos   view
truth:  view   view

test:  given a gcode string representing the word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  if the dependencies are associated with the given connection .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter based on gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the suggestion state works with the given unit .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   reverse
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log message from a log file .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  logging   context
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper in encoding/decoding .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   get
truth:  map   map

test:  extract cassandra information from a dictionary of stdin .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  sync   attempts
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for valid distances between prediction and thus make sure attacks does not cause targets .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the list to the temporary file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the list of datatypes_registry .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  disk disk usage of a volume usage .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse <phrase> -- gets the most specific error url from the users scheme to handle .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  uses   handler
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  write application/json .
truth: print with color . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http error .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a translation object .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  textfor the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  using   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test for issue #1256 .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find an int .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   get
truth:  test   test

test:  load a special specification html .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   get
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set the vms data for the given one unit .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad quad to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  function   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  loss updates scale by dividing updates the moving average of the root mean squared parameters loss_or_grads : ndarray or rectangular mean squared gradients with the root mean squared error message
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a thread .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escapes a string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  this function is called to the users if it is not blocking .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  function   set
truth:  link   a

test:  equivalent of 2-dimensional space using sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  restore templates from an iis template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  restart   update
truth:  return   return

test:  dont display data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  parse the xml response into a response with error content .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main command line tool .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  sleep out the pattern in the string .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  landing   a
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random string of ascii digits name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute centimeters .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nth address within given nth number .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  delete delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the path component of a pull request .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  test fortran-style inverse computation .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the current object corresponding to the filename given by the filename .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct an empty machine .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  construct   labels
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new rank of data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  attempts to get a pointer in the given thread-local shape .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  if   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return url of the tool shed tool .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirect a microseconds to the regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  results   redirects
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the contours from guest version .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint checkpoint string for the given model name .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  like periodiccommand .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of elements from a sequence with values .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  bins   return
truth:  calls   calls

test:  decorate filename from filename to mode .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a tensor with inputs so that the input keyword has exactly one element in inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an example message to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs of various pieces at the given coordinates .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   github
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against a resource template .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  turns an s3 key into a bucket .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the kth cumulative vectors .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  write   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  a regex .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  needed   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a calendar .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  produces   a

test:  create a new tuple for a tuple that is called from a declarative .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  return true if the argument is an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of months format into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  quote lists with its characters .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  lists   remove
truth:  given   indent

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences from seq_possibilities .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   number
truth:  finds   null

test:  this page throws how to community entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip a testcase if different urls arent enabled .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose from a yaml file .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get the float .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of bytes to quoted-printable message arguments: filename: : a mime file .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  look up a user id if it has been configured .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  look   get
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event on an instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  send   translation
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  reload module scargle .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  name   new
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the call to cache function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  return   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  updates the throughput of a particular secondary connection .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the requested eggtray sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the value of the part including the models and offset are either .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   timeline
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a asksaveasfilename .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return an instance if given path should accept interpreter .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  if tags is provided .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  generates   axis
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default retryparams context .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return an exponential range parameters .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  function   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove user and remove a user .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  if   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  if name is enabled with the name of the stream with details .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  set   key
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if a system-v style service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary of the open .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the given fields from a form field in a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns user storage directory for strong values .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience routine used by 1s .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   behave
truth:  test   test

test:  wrapper for a modules that provide a comment .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  shortcut   module
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove any pending environment that are created from the directory tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a notification about host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  get   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup a new certificate .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   up

test:  verify a list of strings in the form .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return an iterator over the string by using the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get template flags for an object whose name is found .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  default behaviour of strings .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replaces characters in wire .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances of the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   get
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  update user update git microseconds .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  handle rejection types .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  is   null
truth:  color   channels

test:  import all python modules under the given directory this clears the python directory .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  see if the datastore dashboard call .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if an owner is a owner .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string representation .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  make a list of key ids by key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  make   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the factory function that creates a batch with mailchimp items in mailchimp .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   occurrences
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses the environment variable string like the logged in the category .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  privkey batch endpoints that returns the result .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  batch   g
truth:  return   a

test:  remove specified count .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether server is tabs in the server .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the case of a set .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  change   set
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a sequence if the names of the given how many then the same with the owns of the file .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   display
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   gcrs<->altaz
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  decorator to add strings to a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  escape a string with double quotes characters this produced by stripping characters that are visible characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  makes sure that the object is iterable and returns .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  a little function to check if two strings are not a line in an iterable .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  null   check
truth:  plot   plot

test:  ask the user formatted .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return current stats for log file .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   worker

test:  check the arguments for quickly monit reference .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  check   null
truth:  create   create

test:  writes an image to disk .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the hdfs config by astropy .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  skeleton skeleton showing the skeleton folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  stats   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns true if the specified type is a class type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  an html header .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a native file containing the console .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type name for type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a key from a readme .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  change   reference
truth:  convert   a

test:  run digits on a dataset with scaling settings .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  override   entities
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges to the partition of a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the original should always be either an object or a variety of strings should always be updated should always be necessary .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   object
truth:  following   following

test:  merges messages from a cc-wiki source code .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates requests with the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return the amount of command-line example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to format the user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate two or more iterables .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verify   wrap
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns time series of all tenants we are in the given directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  time   load
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a valid dn function .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  returns   username
truth:  null   versions

test:  from a asynchronously .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a key for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  replace the windows address needed by the release .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of inputs versions of imagenet images parameters inputs : strings of tensorflow tensorflow .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  in corpus of parse_dates .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   slice
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the application name of the password .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return bash command in a shell .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  return   system
truth:  run   a

test:  return mixing matrix for numeric .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  dictionary   image
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove the certificate output .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to utf-8 unicode .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  start user and its a microsite .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   rabbitmq
truth:  start   start

test:  create a temporary file or raises an error if there are sets sets sets .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  marks   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find a valid elastic image by name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   images
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  handle handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  force   decorate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag that will ][len a question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot figure with size .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plot   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if atom is a class .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if an upstart service is not disabled then it must be enabled then it must be enabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   check
truth:  to   check

test:  converts the given string to a long string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return full path in the full path .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute weekly count of weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  compute   weekly
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   part

test:  convert raw data into a raw data string following any int returns the encoding encoded by the number of raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when the color is enabled .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  removes first element from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns tuple of authentication and an immutable string .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  checks that range file from the range passed in range portage .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if we are using an invalid version .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  reject   reject

test:  get the email information .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return the ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests single suggestion children of a suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  adds   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a model instance .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  null   a
truth:  save   a

test:  sets domain host records settings for the requested domain .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  domain   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get capabilities information from request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validate 'bower--version' .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields with the given name .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of the files from the minion datastore .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   list
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common having an array at the x .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run an keyczar command against a working directory .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the testsuite suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  runs   python
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   example
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale by the prefix and delete the prefix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  prints the equation of :class:downloads3key .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the shape of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get a submodules of the given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the hostnames that will be deleted .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns true if the argument is an instance that should be considered .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve output from fact cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  output   list
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a string into an int .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   mask
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download a requests .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   check
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume and take its volume group .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  simplify   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluators evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a decorator for tests that test_dependencies a test .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  create   function
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  make sure the x is a sparse processed baz" i .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   shape
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test some d chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  iterate   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: input to convert channels into space .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  scaling   calculate
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test inverse of :func:pants_test computation .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a spanning spanning forest of an undirected spanning graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that checks if warnings is present and should not be called .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  output   a
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes response gcd of f and g .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  if   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get the vertexes given by retrieving of the stl stl length .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  get   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns first item of n .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  stderr the given command line .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  email   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   locale
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  simple wrapper function that will check the given int .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  tell the ancestor for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  get   get

test:  high-wave candle .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  null   baby

test:  swap block device statistics .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  obtain and transform the git builds from git .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  output   searches
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file of data into a json file .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  behave   behave

test:  parse backing style file and gets last line of text .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute the cyclic graph of the graph g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a warning the standard way the way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  warnings   warnings
truth:  to   function

test:  set pagination days .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  load a module from local modules .
truth: in apps . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  make multiple options that have been updated .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create the client for the configuration pools pools machinery .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   discover
truth:  given   null

test:  divide successive n-sized split from list l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  list   list

test:  a factory for the scheduler .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  lay   null

test:  convenience function for methods of squares out of multiple terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate an rgb function at lat and return the original part of the given lat systems .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  return   bearing

test:  query autocomplete and return autocomplete instance .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  query   download
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a bytestring type to python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  encode   in

test:  sends a {'canonical or the display .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  sends   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  notify child process .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  module   shows
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert invalid .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a *field list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function for running in the url with value 0xab .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  configure state auto wx to whitespace in 'rebooting' .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  access   parameters
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  build config dict for api will be used in user .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  build   information
truth:  make   null

test:  make nested sequences with nested tuple .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  null   element

test:  compute the values of numpy and float value .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  compute   float
truth:  null   helper

test:  test decorator to run a simple method .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  guess   helper
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns a flat list of mean .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  verifies   mean
truth:  given   current

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return a file or directory of which to get a file cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only setup and ensure that we are installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  string   fixture
truth:  check   check

test:  a receipt for creating a receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates an bio integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  sets   validate
truth:  raises   null

test:  return a file or a base64-encoded file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  get data from file system data path .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  display   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the coinmarketcap switch platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to retrieve the job controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  to   handler
truth:  to   controller

test:  create a bar .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to program program .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  create   var
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if lhs is being a valid lhs .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  provides   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes and compatible with provided content to xml .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  read in the specified if its loaded cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  update   server
truth:  show   show

test:  print a message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  shutdown   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  creates an arguments for a text: request .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  makes   in
truth:  send   send

test:  read leading zeros from a source file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an configuration jwt to use for authenticated credentials with api views .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a file at the trees of trees to the given trees .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  display   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get hostname and check for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  dumps relative data from the json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: mode: - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  string   string

test:  convert windows int to shebang int .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  priority up path to reparse executable .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator that allows a function or method to be called at the same time .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  unicode unicode to utf-8 using utf-8 unicode .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  because -> string return a copy of the string s with all empty words converted to the sub .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the tag has any blog .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  outputs   user
truth:  consume   messages

test:  returns the instructions corresponding to the instructions xml tree .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename seems to be a test directory .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to convert our indexing unary * .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  checks api calls and calls methods on the response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  helper method to get v from ssl or interpolated (") .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the version string for use this like unparametrized .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a human-readable sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  restore an object that runs the given original .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns true .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   geos
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the lowering chain of a filesystem image .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror if integers .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  check if object is an instance of a scalar-like or unicode string .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove source strings from all ansi color objects .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   replace
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  return true if g has no edges in g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the local path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a metadata file and return a generator of lines .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  function   comments
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  null   port
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints all comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if a and b are not a .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate tuples .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get valid filters from host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  extract data from all codes of the same length .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  list   code
truth:  error   error

test:  get a list of the top choices matches to a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  get   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the users minion cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrive   users
truth:  configured   null

test:  get dotted alias name from pci .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  runs admin check or a remote server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  runs   start
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortexpression to a searchparams proto into a searchparams proto proto .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  replace the default helper with defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merge multiple asynchronous components into a single table .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  parabolic and derivatives .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the minion is still enough .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  quit data from split_libraries .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  sets   score
truth:  stripping   null

test:  return an object for the given object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return jar string .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  get the response name from an html response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  get   links
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of all astropy image .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   a
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two theano scalars together and returns the result .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   like
truth:  adds   null

test:  create temporary file for random data from a bunch of files .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test a new datetime .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted object and return the attribute/class path in a string .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  run matcher with a datastore .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  update   null
truth:  to   null

test:  compute a list of aws columns based on the path .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  format   items

test:  shorthand for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns whether a given fits file or .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  draw   build
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the channel denominator of x .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  reconstruct   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  simple wrapper to be user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the edge between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random degree distribution .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a simple entry from dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  remove   integer
truth:  takes   a

test:  search for an existing list of parameters .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  search   search
truth:  use   database

test:  resets the data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  resets   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various doesnt exist in tests .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns the coach 'ccx those requests to be used with the app .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the contents of the lxc command to a file on the master .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  adds an html user to a logged in user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  adds   username
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the specified file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given option is a positive else false .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representing xml character .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a suitable egg for a document .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  converts a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates a new variable initialized with layers .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the salt://_wheel platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses and returns a pair .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  this function converts a valid url to a file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  function   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return an object compiled from an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  search for getting an projects instance from git mode .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  registers registers given jail using clients with console identified by converts embedded values to parent log files .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  function   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some valid tokenizer function .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   roles
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batch service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  query   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all timings and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a dict of parsed keys in a list of strings .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  split   split

test:  run the given function through args .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  replaces tool_shed with batches .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  replaces   xml
truth:  detects   null

test:  return true if the matrix of inputs anticommutation a model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  try to combine default message .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  default   env
truth:  create   a

test:  a helper function to compute the consecutive histogram of the provided bin is at the linear bin 4 - the linear bin / histogram .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  to   histogram
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a discrete .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  estimate   student
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determine if a specific name is a trailing name .
truth: for example . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get a version string indicating that the python name is deprecated .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to convert a single < y to the correlation dimensions .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  using   linear
truth:  note   note

test:  converts camel-case style names to string .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing a requirements requirements requirements and seems to make sure it easy with a local requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  example: flags helper .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  list   list

test:  makes zero entities in packed packed .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  makes   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a couple interface name from a network interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication parameter group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the node that points to the given array of the points .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  minimum value of cutoff sigmoid and derivative .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the string to which file is stripped .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  data can be numpy array or the data .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  helper to get multiple fields from search in multiple fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   shell
truth:  mill   a

test:  a function to confirm alerts is strictly .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the tool shed plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable an analyze stream using the name of the stream with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata chassis .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates chunks of fastq text to qual format similar to qual invalidcharacterinqualitystring' number of fastq and qual .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper function to create an instance instance which can be used as an instance of the instance instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   val
truth:  sets   sets

test:  some summary is installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary and derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  iterables multiple internet codes .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create topology nodes in a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   binary
truth:  create   create

test:  create an event object to the given loop .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the preferred time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides the last storage directory from a storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload the python upload of a directory in this version of an operation in editable environment variables .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of completed get an exploration with completed parameters completed : string or list of completed .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the current views that should not exist in minutes .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the carving to a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all releases linked to a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   sin

test:  remove an existing member .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  loops   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  against against against against list list against against against .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  show   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  generator that yields a file and setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  list all the absolute path of test cases .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the version number of the resource on the provided document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  check if the view view view is true .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  if   view
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset technique subsystem .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the path to the working directory cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  hooks is being return true if number throws an number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize a sane indicating that the given article/page object .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  initialize   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix sine for update_wrapper() 3358 check .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   shapes
truth:  construct   null

test:  remove redundant str .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   one

test:  initialize data for binary data to a list of strings this minion kwargs for writing to be able to missing .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set a response string to an set of strings parameters collapsed_md : dictionary or a dictionary of strings : pd .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  set   key
truth:  null   null

test:  verify a signature against the hashed message signature .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire restype signature of blocks .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  construct the task that sends the given task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this is a comparing comparing it to bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  is   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad vpc options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create verifier wrapper .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  test that pct can be loaded .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  test   setup
truth:  package   package

test:  update a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders the template with a unicode string .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture to get a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds the slice of f in a set of polynomials .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  map   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of active locales cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  function   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  commit - returns an array containing the permissions that a particular view .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  -   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  format a file-like object from an instance .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the provider logs out of actions that also be updated with the uint8 subsystem .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  executes gcd of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print a string of indentation to a certain number of indentation [default is spaces .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   query
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about a defined volume period for completed auditing purposes .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  exists   bw
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily replace the printed of the stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   stderr
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  marks the project extensions to translation extensions .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the button dictionary based on target .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  process   process

test:  fetches the current environment .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  deterministic a hash on admin path .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  used   null

test:  compute metric metric of nodes in a graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  logs a message from the log when script is being used .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a persistent connection groups from elb .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  is the file or it installed? .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  is   path
truth:  locate   a

test:  returns pre-ordering values of parity spline command .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  form   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create an aws tags to a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  get a jsonable stream with the given user object .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience to monitor a new monitor pool .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  to   vpnservice
truth:  create   a

test:  delete state headers .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  port   remove
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action for a specific model .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get joined intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  loop   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified images using tkinter .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   hash
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture providing a valid topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new test file .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set up the proxy to be available .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  exists   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  show exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  transform   converts
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compile the python table from fabtools .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the request level has the same name level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path import .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return a variant of the shape and the shape passed in data .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled test tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get an existing trace object .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get movie player .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' strips suffix -e if were wrong wrong multiple vowel-consonant .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends a trusted .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  power of linear filter linear unit test for linear in linear __repr__ 2) is saved .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  computes a string of the specified text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an integer representing value of the parameters as a string passed .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the mappings position in iso 8601 format to percentage .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  translate the path separator .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  check to see if function is being called .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  tests   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the given host is a expected http request .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generates a random integer summing p .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  sampling   p
truth:  use   use

test:  stop the status of aa status .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  create   method
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get global summary of subscribers .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  import   a

test:  dummy function for _upload_manifest .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  adds the index to the redirects index map .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  find   find

test:  parameters name : bool flag to be created .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  context   a
truth:  add   column

test:  replaces words .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a string to int .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all files in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction with image and mask out of the image .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a dictionary of a gettext file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  import an error if the given node is an error .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  import   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute the ytype distance between two points .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  high-wave candle .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  null   pattern

test:  checks if a requirejs is valid .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  bing job on certain job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  starts   a

test:  returns string representation of a user provided table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  updates the docker configuration .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the given package on the given package assumes it exists .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  dynamic pseq sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a string encoded image .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a label change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available languages cli example: .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  checks what type is not too hosts and with the given response .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  converts value to an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure matches the accepted comment matches input: input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait until a comparison has assertion to be true .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove custom collection of a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  trailing   directory
truth:  context   context

test:  import an object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  import   load
truth:  to   try

test:  makes sure that label is valid .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the function to run a * timeout expires .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the greenlet server with a eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  runs a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a movie .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  show   implementation
truth:  null   information

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  noop   noop

test:  get the default group components of a specific name and components .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list the status of available service concerning a user .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  null   null

test:  trim a template file from the path to a list of rarfile files .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  uses   rar

test:  an first entry point value .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merge two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a theme list from a list of plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  verify that an requirements directory is valid .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a helper function which checks to be used inside of the tests .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if this country is a possible country code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as a offset offset .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  to   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  strip the github prefix from github .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  strip   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute a transform of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  asserts that the user with the provided ip address exists .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with a chart chart .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dictionary of keys of all items in name .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media manager discover object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a running system cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application support .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   position
truth:  creating   test

test:  attempts to nuke all logging from a orbit .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  to   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer value following the given integer in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  delete multiple symmetric components from traversal .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  compare   pairs
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that an object is a string or none .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  starts the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  starts   os
truth:  start   start

test:  parse the remote refs files in a remote file .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  report   routine
truth:  push   push

test:  make sure that another file extension exists .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sanitizes and returns the default string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast types to alloc of input .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  select a list of kinds in the kinds .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  select   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the el nino data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the pidlockfile test scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns all nested sequences .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a really string to an axis of the aux .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  sets the ipdb for the current thread .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if blob does not match the blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable the output of a block device on the device cli example: .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  disable   null

test:  set the languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get request stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   object
truth:  account   account

test:  issue issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: rows .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep for the specified crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   seconds
truth:  do   null

test:  this method attempts to load custom collectors from c{text} .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  build   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  retrieve subscription subscriptions for given node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  retrieve   type
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an object to its associated byte .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group user libraries .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  minimum of the values in two tensors .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  get a brocade specific vif or update on the port .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes the status of things to the specified key .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  writes   wrapper
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  function   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return an formatted color with given colour string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  return double lxc for a double image .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this rate .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  null   middleware
truth:  null   null

test:  update a group .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is used to create an error message for http purposes .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  return ovf-specified name for grains of the device .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  print output and exits to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   callback
truth:  enable   console

test:  get the json tree by a url .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  override password api command line options or new one password after a influxdb08 set of prefixed with a string password values .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return a string passed to bytes .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   guess
truth:  return   return

test:  returns relationship relationship between given user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  takes   people
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return a random lower numeric character of the given weight .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  internal routine to join left and join it .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  join   join

test:  utility function to create formstyle fields from an ini form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  function   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  return btrfs object .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test if new_indents does not consider or numpy array .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  test if options that would otherwise be ignored .
truth: check if options . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   check

test:  execute command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  entry point for the command line application .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  logs   display
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip all html string from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the given runtime scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an image to a project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  project   image

test:  return a list of information about a linux distribution .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install internet internet class if twisted is installed .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   install
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant configuration .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  create a new server object for cluster .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  return   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the signal should be refreshed .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert hex string into a terminal version of a terminal way .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  merge a background background image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  try   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  find docstring not start docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  find   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the url with a thumbnail tag set like the thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  called every time an instance of the given array v .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  is   store
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  this helper for common sparseindex of the string that returns an denominator list of theano elements .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  signal handler to return tags cli example: .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  undo   child
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the shape operator of the ordinary operator .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attempt to load a public config file .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  set   up

test:  coerce a datetime object to a json string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   hosts
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle unpickle form of the user .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  returns a unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  transfer   updates
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  *new the various grouping of the comparing through various conflicting .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  replace unicode strings .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is an subgraph graph in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a setting object and returns the class .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   tuple
truth:  module   module

test:  return the first item in something that nested item .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  test   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  draw a sample from xs with jitter .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  draw   time
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote strings in the form with the given data .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  removes   null

test:  get an email address over the given interface .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if we .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  to   call
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a class with the given color value .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the pairs based on all pairs .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert an http date string into a posix time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   http

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the fetch response of the image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  sends the mail .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets virtual ips by fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete stream page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the validation preference preference key for an user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns an etag_func() .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   view
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of all available ports cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  makes sure the request is an ssh api .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  makes   remove
truth:  logs   logs

test:  parse rdp inverse of rdp cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  returns true iff utility function from utility urls .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  return   url
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the loss for a step .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  handles an abstract speaker bits .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  creates   session

test:  convert any index object to a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  change   move
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a new flat key in the specified config .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  return a filename for a filename .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns terminal columns of a given terminal size .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  get   get

test:  transliterate of available module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a subheader resize .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  create   sending
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves model types and outputs it as returned by the number of votes has received and num_votes properties .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  format an encoder for extensions to a message .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return an absolute path to __init__ file .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  return   bool
truth:  null   null

test:  checks that given file is a valid baseline string .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  log   log

test:  elementwise axes in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  permutes   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction of zero and zero image .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  reject   utility
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt with a string with an public key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convert encoding to utf-8 string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  unicode   encode
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates through the tree and find where files exist in the tree and its output .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generates   imports
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the load to the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file extension match a file extension .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the data file into the mimetype args: filename: the mimetype of the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return file path of its finished .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  file   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get all html generated document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female yellow -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  totodiles   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a node configuration variable definition .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - bt .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  to   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return hex digest of a job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  utf-8   return
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a scipy sparse triples into an iterable of weighted format .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turn a dictionary containing a values of arguments whose keys start with <string> .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the app registry registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager for setting an encrypted object this ensures that they were done as the new shell .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that astropys ecliptic systems give an degree transform or and thus having a transform transform for other populates the degree system and barycentric other [option1 .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   number
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the given header is present in the template .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the nested matrices inplace .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this will create a bound parameter to receive default clause default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a path to the zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert between the files .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  read   a

test:  strips all and trailing whitespace from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to declare decorators that fail a method with a single method .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check that 'xgettext'] .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  to   execution
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update 'extension related to 'extension documents .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  launch   update
truth:  update   extension

test:  log an event to all an event channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  inserts a tree of *individual* on the tree using the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  select   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the salt cloud salt salt .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  process   null
truth:  return   return

test:  search for strings .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of values n by n .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle the changes made by a salt job config file .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the suggest user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the current rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  ensure   custom
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that a review file extension can be not be not be not deleted in a sparse .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   column
truth:  tests   tests

test:  encodings a class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar from a polygon which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   pillar

test:  check if network is an containing request .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a argparse integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   validate
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the fused base cname id into a string .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface name from an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for geos the argument passed in .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the maskscore over the weights of the input score .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   input
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create an in-memory account object from a given configuration .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard unicode string any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirect to the user .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirect   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  clears the interactive figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   function
truth:  clear   null

test:  list task spool cli example: .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   build
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypt a plaintext q .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  return the host url for the url => ssd or grid .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the dispatch cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that distances of distances work .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks that the argument to a string is valid for each argument .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   options
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples representing image by each element in training .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the all the gets scalar info from half of a different format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   a

test:  resource resource handler for tube and_expression .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator factory to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a new temporary file to its output in the given file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  write   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import the file or use a specific module or is_from_logout a specific module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  same as py .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test fit ratio of the item with fit and fit .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string representing the default currency as a list .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  determine new backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  to   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  generates the df[columns] on the given sum .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer magic is footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  pair text into an latex string .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  checks if text of valid text in an non-ascii .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  block   a
truth:  create   create

test:  like quote() .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  call signature:: acorr takes a single iteration and returns the object/categorical .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point .
truth: the main function . 
test:  point   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the dict of an object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assocxyz .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  executes command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  help   help

test:  simple wrapper that sets the username/credentials function .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  function   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  generates a cookiejar from a jar .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform the default circle event loop and returns a new torrent .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack options in a dictionary .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  function   options
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add hosts signal handler to user configuration changes .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the above additions of permissions .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  serialize stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check for installation of line from fits file by line .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  just gives an action which is saved .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generates   op
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a formatted model object based on the model 4else .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  show how to enter the being run .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   current

test:  calculates linear unit functions in string functions .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path where the a file name is a created or more path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the control configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a volumes volumes cpu links .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  return the last value of a file report .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  starts a comment .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test if valid v4 tokens in the specified id .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the score at the given axis of the data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  creates an assets multiline server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  installs   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  calls corpus .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  stops   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pants platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test a dict with redirect read from all during the url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  test   shorthand
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if s is a sequence or a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task by id .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic container service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test how many mainloop .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  get default list of default globals support .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  the floating point points in a string .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns the python files to load plugins in this package .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this function takes an error if there is no workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  function   check
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  creates a key that will async version of async processes .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  update the given configuration in the given type .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a streamhandler to the script .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the requested jpeg sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  show all timestamp related to wrapped whose timestamp displays .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key key key key key key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test executing tab .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute fast scharr using scharr mapping .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  compute   realtime
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  measure and specify the metric at value of the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   calculate
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the id of an entity from the key .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  compute discrete helper for computing discrete helper .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this near-enough checks .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  rewrite   emails
truth:  render   a

test:  attempt to retrieve the default file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a necessary frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   a

test:  list the package lock the latest version of the package .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  list   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create new user .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return data to the version of the base dir .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of current api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  set available ip list for the current operating list where the host is available list of available queries to set on the host .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify we can pass a class on an existing class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  generates the keywords subtasks to reach the new output and updates them for the specified status .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all rq queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the http requests .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set the columns of the column that should be found in a series of columns .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  set   find
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url for the wiki wiki an wiki wiki retrieved .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set the otu table to an otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  set   resize
truth:  returns   log10

test:  returns the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic option with an empty range of value .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   setup
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  get nodes by a alloc of alloc .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  join   join

test:  get the wheel cli example: .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate an vc footer that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf headers .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register the elements related to the cls .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  stats   null
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return 'ari' adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  step   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a splitting or its var matrix containing words .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  is   get
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convenience function for p_0 a login api with an login api .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to get the fact config file .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the comment model class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return image files in a directory if data is found .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  used to get a useragent} client .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  function   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  return   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  return the new unique viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  return   queues
truth:  show   show

test:  returns tuple of a and v2 .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to bind the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  initialize norm on a numpy array with respect to the standard deviation of the given axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters data date : int the confidence case of a data date argument: int number of observations .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return the metric name of the prng .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  return   permission
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary line of the primary key methods that is none .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  shared secret secret for a specific vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing from a wheel with pip from a file .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the dot product between a vm norm .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  compute   johnsons
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  check if x is in curly kube .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the historical variance for a window .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the running pipeline .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the values that should be stored in the original .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a plotting that approximation to the generic page .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  verifies that the target is set in the target target in the given string .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  select   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   null
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is a crappy function with a crappy name .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  request   level
truth:  null   level

test:  pretty-format a timestamp into a timezone timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  iterator   function
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator that makes a function that makes a session reference .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fill the difference of a sound datetime .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  fill   time
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a string of html <= clients .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   returns
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  install all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filter out runnings cipher .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return true if the file is a session .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send an error message .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  send   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  outputs the contents of the return block if applicable .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert multiple nodes into the given path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   function
truth:  insert   insert

test:  update problem state entirely of a particular buffer in an existing course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  update   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the object classes in use .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital sensor droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition a dask dataframe from a dask dataframe parameters token : str .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an object from disk .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  gets the prefix for the application template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  to   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user in a string .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  waits for the client with the given client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  force   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  this returns the graph that results of the graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for sparse matrix columns of a and then convert shape of the complex variable .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  be   context
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  change the function used internally level .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  parses care of has_prefix types .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  module   a
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure rules in rule rule is a rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  rules   compute
truth:  walk   null

test:  find all line in this statement .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  find   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a platform if current default packed packed file .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  the mandatory attribute will be stored in a form and value .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   property

test:  deletes a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the uid name .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the file of the bank bank entries .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from the site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no html example application gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   directory
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter the list of strings for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a password at opennebula password .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   rabbitmq
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a build header for a given url .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if given intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to requesting a queue .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  translates a level level namespace value into the given level level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  convert   level

test:  return the memmap of a pair of memmap .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  calculate parameters of distribution function for binned data using cdf parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  calculate   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  this view shows the main page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  display   view
truth:  view   view

test:  flatten a 2d numpy array with x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  flatten   create
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  convert to an image string .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   tag
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the figure and plot a given image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  test   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  format the file size like a human readable size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds the response headers to the md5 etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  test whether substring ends with lower case .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  if   null
truth:  append   append

test:  compute the queue qty .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set over tuples and index between two statement instances .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   get
truth:  sets   sets

test:  converts a successful api json formatted response to an http response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds the trapezoid value in a list .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   object
truth:  null   version

test:  set up the inline media platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  set   server
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder finder a finder if the value has any pending build .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over a sanity state .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users email address based on this user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   configurations
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send a message to one or more types .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  send   a
truth:  is   result

test:  reads the pid from <program_name> .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in an iterator .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  takes   uses
truth:  pair   pair

test:  ensure the unit function is properly create different values .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  ensure   issue
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary data .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   asset
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  convert unicode string to collator .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   convert
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  build a dict with a dict .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  build   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  import the tb frame .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  converts the binary sequence to binary string .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read 1000 units at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the salt options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts *nix colour sequences into a string .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find the path to the src folder .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  find   map
truth:  null   null

test:  check table users home page and return a list of table constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  find   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines if a file has been initialized by the given proxy and will run .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  determines   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the formset and label it to be used as a unicode string .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  sum stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  lists   counts
truth:  stats   stats

test:  download folders from the given configuration .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates some redirects to the query string .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  generates   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may be loaded .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   runs
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse resource bucket or raises an exception .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  pickle graph object from debug file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  shuffle   returns
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all registered requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  create a string of int from the passed number of int .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   method

test:  make all the element and xml files .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the object has an object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  present in swatch if it is a valid containing the present message .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  receives   helper
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a new instance of the op .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a given regular expression is found .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  match   match

test:  create a class that maps a particular attribute signature to an attribute of the given type signature .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  saves data to stdout .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  saves   function
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user information to the auth api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the current thread instance whose behalf have the current thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a hash decorator that produces a svmc array with svmc svm .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the os x to a .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator that wraps a method and add sparse information to an ogr .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  generate the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  sum   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that we have been used and wont use in rights .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  check   check

test:  add a stroke rate limiting a list of lists .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   mapreduce
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  kbengine as an other g .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code runs runs code
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  ignores markup .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  for pylint .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  add google cloud repository .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  add   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a new user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  updates   updates

test:  do anything; .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  makes   count
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp nodes onto labels .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  is   fixes
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a bytes field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  like   like

test:  tests that a revision can be set correctly finished .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   languages

test:  return tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  check for hook in task name .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  check   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes with gallery .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   fee
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  provide a dict mapping values to their corresponding string .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns an array of tests returned by the internet search for x .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the locale controller for the given locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate a list of strings .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  to   host
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method method to method method method method method to method method method method method method method method method method to to to to method method method method method method method
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  adds   mark
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files to fully qualified * .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  adds a list of mean .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the current environment .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  command   command

test:  test acpi_tables acpi_tables with conflicting values .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the call information from a function .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  get   replaces
truth:  to   null

test:  get any top topics ids from the given iterable of product .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm needs a --unit backends .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parses a hash .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get a neighbour adapter adapters adapters or raise if it exists .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ajax histogram store .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  recursive   get
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that rules cannot be created correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a string has non-zero encoding .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the entire versions of current existing one .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current column keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  basic unicode objects with --tags or a node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  raise an error message if error is present in the users beets .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  error   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the score loss .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  return   test
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a campaign feed item ids used by the ip already locked/unlocked .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  split   number
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find all .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  a task that renders templates resolves to be used for templates .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  potential reduction .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   a

test:  verify context has valid members that is valid on this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the number of 1: attributes .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the number of instances for the server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend a canvas of the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  to   null

test:  gets the prerequisite milestones by the given gated_content_key and newline info of that prerequisite the given gated_content_key for the given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  bootstrap a bootstrap repository with the specified package .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return matplotlib dict where all matplotlib rc are missing .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the client server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  runs   start
truth:  null   entry

test:  serialize difftool in a broadcasts .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the environment variable name in this application .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if there are any reg objects .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  alias for blocking/accepting .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   profiling
truth:  add   add

test:  return the status of a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test efficient .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  test   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  e^p_n(l) integer corresponding to base encoding .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  working   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot creates absent on the system name : string name of snapshot of the dataset name : boolean try of destroy the dataset name of snapshot .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the distributions .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  value   value

test:  transform data and a new image .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  transform   action
truth:  calculates   null

test:  require the untracked .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  drops drops .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  request   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  hash of string concatenation .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  format a list of pathnames .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  quote a string escaped by various url quoting .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   null
truth:  input   input

test:  convert bytes or and project image file to a list of know definitions .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  mapping   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  create   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to be called when a line matches the given pattern this decorator can be used multiple times .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the default cache location .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised literal number item from string containing the number of digits .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  return the observations corresponding to boundary .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling policy for the specified group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parses an s3 uri string into the path .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function for getting an ascii object type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   show
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  make the system system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  installs one or more system and its managed jobs .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  download   software

test:  create a addresses .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the container path path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended euclidean function .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   gc
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  login a decorated function that will be used as being displayed by loading the saml model .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  mark   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  returns date from the given string .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an integer code of a http response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  get   status
truth:  return   status

test:  given the ace object args: obj_name : the object to check or path to the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  respond with a html page which of students ajax for the students .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  endpoint   data
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to temporarily create a fake exception object connected to the mode .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  apply a path_str definition string .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find matrices in square array .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file filename filename this is similar to :py:func:current_code_name .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file from one destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fingerprint form with private form .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  render   render

test:  remove multiple keys from old values .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function to unpickle class .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  execute queries against one instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  execute   cluster
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a fixture that can be used only be run .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a graph or source .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a string to a datetime .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  format   format

test:  check a task until a task has expired .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  take   a

test:  return a port group .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  lists   chocolatey
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that basic values are valid and y .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fix os .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  returned   compute
truth:  surround   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   run
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  to   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  move through the line list .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  used   accept
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  set the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check support certificates for a student in the course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the user data request .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a sub loop which will be created as the rest framework .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  crossproductisbetweentwovectors' vector convenience wrapper for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing from a non-editable git string using a given format folder .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick a name using wabbit authentication names .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   run
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get a reindent instance by python source code :returns: reindent .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set some light text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  helper function to get currency company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  function   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a function or method as unauthenticated functions .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the http token from basestring body into native body parts .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  pass url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  url   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  server   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds auth to a provided request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  create an evaluator: instance of the correct underlying add-on .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   seed
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in laguerre .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  return a tuple of the lines belonging to a *args* class .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   a

test:  returns the tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a symlink and a resource from the specified location .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to replace streams after tagging .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  inspect the remote repository based on the repository and cloudinstance .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  create a relationship link to the given url .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  create   one
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  load   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  call non-ascii non-ascii version information about various command line available .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the specific rfxtrx .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  to   configures
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return only the list of the dynamic with the given string .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return list with only one of the data .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  list   val
truth:  set   set

test:  split out the files in a file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  files   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read past fails .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return reset of the group allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  submit cloud output for rabbitmqctl unix search .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  include   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  html html html html with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get html signal hook .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  get   information
truth:  if   null

test:  this function is used to mark a cocoa plot .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account group details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  get an docker client .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the codename of the permission for the specified pool .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  alphabet: alphabet: methods in the data point .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse keyword or string .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  parse   approximation
truth:  ensure   null

test:  see to see if there are some of the pages as pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  force a new task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register f(clip .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete a text file .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  render   a

test:  check a bug cli example: .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find a name of a build file by name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   filename
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a time in iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  given   day

test:  test the bad of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   subtraction
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse xmlelement description .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of standard sample sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a datacenter instance in a theory .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert regexp to false]def list .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  makes a report diagram of deprecated .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  determine the correct class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the generic app .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an id or name .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident form page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  prints the list of json systems and 1s .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  performs   calls
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate pem key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a unique key to the given filename .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   uploads
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  solves the 4-tuple method of 4 wishart-distributed .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  solves   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple providing an instance .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  avoid code that runs on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  called   checks
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection by reflection along reflection vector on reflection plane .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a class instance to a protobuf instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value in an <ul> .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  colorize   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a dictionary of words .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  given   use
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform two matrices by the old name@domain .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  transform   dictionary
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert input image to a given image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  convert   fs
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check that a string is a valid python subject .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the enabled backend by name .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  get   return
truth:  url   url

test:  create a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic types .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  count the number of occurrences of a new filename in a certain number of non-nan keyed by commas .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  count   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the test table .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if the user is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   check
truth:  used   function

test:  helper function for getting page name .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   one

test:  return a list containing the cache instance for the file .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that a sequence of valid letter codes .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic alarm platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the namespace class for uploading of [filename] .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for api chunks of a decorator factory that just all-around actions .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a duration of events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad data from iterator .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  read a versions from a dictionary .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convenience function to display nice nice code for acpi .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  function   in
truth:  formats   formats

test:  check if executable is in distributions .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  if   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return abstract table of location of listening .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  when a case is added .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  is   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of answers answers with the given state of their answers values .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  test for creating a test cases with public module .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test op .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   label
truth:  io   io

test:  factory function to create a new assembly object .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  reads like 7 from a file object whose jaspar formats .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the theme for the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an html page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   cast
truth:  move   move

test:  .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  return   spam
truth:  null   docs

test:  test if a and b are a return if the same .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from object whose value should be deleted .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  parse a query .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  process   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python module if path is not *name* or sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation login to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two context strings .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make request contributions contributions can be created .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  request   null
truth:  if   check

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  return an md5 copy of the config file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create tasks in which task with multiset_partitions_taocp .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project notification view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  constructs a downloads of the given blob from the given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  outputs has the type} field for this media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  watching   uses
truth:  null   media

test:  takes a number returns a string with the one pointer pointer and the argument to a next pointer .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return the directory of the qiime .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return hex digest of the concatenation of a given secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse an groebner of a username and return the first value of a username .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  change changes between html summary of the html value .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  change   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  context manager for sends orgprint in the with statement .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement histogram for a set of calibration .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int returns x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse keyword arguments from config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private method used to kid the private key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon to the submit attribute dictionary .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   users
truth:  render   a

test:  execute a command on a standard command and wait .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return list of environment variables with project project .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  list   check
truth:  return   a

test:  write the configurations to the include_pat file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  same as a >= return a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  search a paginator of a particular page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  takes   null

test:  websock websock be run by calling c{f} .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  to   connect

test:  test various invalid values .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a cmd successfully .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  execute   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  parses an http date string .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  null   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment count files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute that a directory fingerprint the dse list .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get the network device status from debug config .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the data from a fits file .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the repository path of the directory that contains calibre-portable .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  starts and translate a response for the given parameters .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points exists .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that "camera" image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  return a copy of the airy namespaces .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  add new enrollment for the enrollment thread which have been added to the course attribute of date .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  make a connection to the master and waits until it will be resolved .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  stop   move
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the build build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  called if the template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificate request by rendering some certificates for a given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  put   certificate
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy network snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs test tests from a testsuite testsuite .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  doctest   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  clear the mako plugin .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   templates
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper function to upload the instance to store into an instance using the instance id .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  obtain   a

test:  get a json version of a package(s) .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   display
truth:  get   a

test:  rename morning .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  rename   a

test:  writes rules and conditional rule to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   rules
truth:  write   null

test:  validate a function and if a valid exception is run .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  null   null

test:  define a deprecation decorator .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a alias object by the string or not the other component" .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   class

test:  build the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  build   find
truth:  find   a

test:  ax1 function for interval around interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  function   confidence
truth:  return   a

test:  it can run a vcs requirement that has no distributions .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  test   test

test:  to get a new random to the given new instance .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  sets the javascript option imported .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  run   run

test:  format an image to an image .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  update   keys
truth:  encode   encode

test:  true if the file path is a unsaved>'length tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new numpy array with a given figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set a function in the given target .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  inserts   network
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder of x / imsave arrays parameters x : array-like the index in the tensor but move to y : x in the null under the right fragments or quantity
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  compute   area

test:  set strong element in css text .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  set   one
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge multiple .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   objective
truth:  null   null

test:  find the json object .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  function   view
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the history of the current event object .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   stop
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a series of between a and b .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  return domain to status .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  domain   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize a streamhandler .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  html html escape for non-unicode mode .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  null   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  return the string corresponding to the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return lock ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the attributes of a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into an c{int} .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  adds language for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse a single table obtained by the given table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  uses python module to translation .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   a

test:  calls a single model .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  mimic   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the named service exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the user module if the os is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  set the color context parameters .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default shipping cache .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  default   default

test:  assert that the given objects are equal correctly set .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  process   null
truth:  if   null

test:  the time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  create a string representing the given error .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  send a default activation outbox .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  send   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a byte string for printing a byte object .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  create   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that does nothing .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  creates an encoded hash .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets an http client authenticated with the service account credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  parse version string to a list of versions .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sorting   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a javascript string of html tags for use in a <script> template .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple multiple strings and add multiple humans: .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  retrieve the exception from dbus config .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  domain if host or ipv6 addresses match the same host and returns true if host is not match the string .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the smoking/lung pid cli example: .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   status

test:  convert rate rate to a string of elements .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the profiles of a file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a answer with the given descendents .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the length of a string by iterable: message as string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   details
truth:  print   print

test:  fractional an rsa 32-bit data .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  do polynomial "model" on semicolons arrays .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   null

test:  show style style for no document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  show   list
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  transform an image into a string if it is an attributeerror .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  transform   code
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs device by pci .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in a list .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   list
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a script name to the global namespace name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   names
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a base object from a internals .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide tooltips for the tooltips filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a tuple of the html document .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set hits settings .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  set   check
truth:  function   function

test:  get new profile .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the css flag string for the given css .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   djangos
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose random number .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  encode   pseudorandom
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a console input into parts of prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the url to the comment pattern .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from light] to color color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the results of and update for a parallel device .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  find   waits
truth:  run   a

test:  apply or deletes tokens for tokens in a local instance .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function takes a list of filesystem objects and pads .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure a specific guest state is shared with the update to guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns true if the collection exists inside of a collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the _repr_html_ .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  test   python
truth:  null   null

test:  function used when new form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  used   render
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an hyperbolic function function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  see if all shop product is found in the model .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  find   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return a space of the users rgb color by some rgb color .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  return   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  return the relative parent directory path with a given path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indented the indentation of an serialized for debugging split .
truth: indent text . 
test:  function   indent
truth:  text   text

test:  return a dictionary of content-type read from the current locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template string by the given pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  create   a

test:  undo the state of the global state .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  file   file
truth:  close   close

test:  return the url for a given sites scheme .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts pil quality / minify to compression in data format .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  converts   inputs
truth:  saves   image

test:  start nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  sets   configuration
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found during a kb file name - url * url * scan a scan cli example: .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release with a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dict of json data into a string and return a dict .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change the owner name of an owner or directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  change   a
truth:  require   a

test:  used to gets the type most the index value from the index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  used   a
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash class from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create an 'commandline'args object .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   stop
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a vsphere property to a container .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used to get a 2- account account from the salt api .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision directory that the application .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator notify if there is a build with the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   campfire
truth:  null   null

test:  clear all name matching scale .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  clear   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:float .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the metric distribution of matrix e( and asserting tensorproducts .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   depth
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  send an application .
truth: list instances . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between src_image and weights .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   shorthand
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience wrapper for {0 .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse and convert an svg file from text .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  write   a

test:  instantiate with list of valid anonymous module .
truth: view that . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests the creation of a timezone-aware timezone-aware contributors in a particular format .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   github
truth:  get   get

test:  save a model to a model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  zpk[ a safe test objective function from a a relative url .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share html documents in document and updates the list table .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  list   eeg
truth:  share   share

test:  escape single "changes" markers .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  process   process

test:  test if object is a base class .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve a string with a given transport symbol .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  get   transport

test:  replace a single database with a specified replace cli example: .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  do   null
truth:  function   function

test:  extracts epoch .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  extracts   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check whether an image exists .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  induction bivariate portions .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   n
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the value of a specific logger .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   a

test:  if any original library is put into a setup .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return string containing the local file for the given file .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  return   time
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the sum of a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   md5sum
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  undo undo matrix year with restrict instead of tensors .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure passed passed properties is absent this function .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if theyre appears as a raw email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  if   a
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert any integral operations to a default format .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  sets or conf unicode .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  sets   back
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add to preselected add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  change an singular basis to the desired basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  change   limit
truth:  null   space

test:  parses a url that may be used as a request .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  extract   error
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new method that will add a method to its of a method .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   check
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable in-place .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translate a model name to a python model .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a loop path by a number of points .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  will use the incoming guess and put it on digest .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   tests

test:  initialize all the counter counter and return a handle .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  store   a

test:  n-dimensional array of the first value .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  replace extra whitespace in regex .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  replace   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  simple little function to generate a task in a background file as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  is this string a signal handler .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it can safely be logged in .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an instance of the most recent synchronize .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  combine two numpy arrays .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  combine   files
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not none .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the object is a substring oscillator .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  turn a dict .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  split the version string into date and the rest date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  split   interface
truth:  format   format

test:  checks percentages to make several svn-xxxx api and returns it .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  checks   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list partition partition entries into false entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  configs   configs
truth:  null   members

test:  computes the leading tuple of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  compute   exclude
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a subnet subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a network device to the parameters of a network penalty in the parameters of a penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make the ca ca tree .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle unsafe module from salt .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  signals   function
truth:  assure   null

test:  return a dict describing specific service name example:: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate between the inverse given the the inverse t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  returns one of the given string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a mixture from a array_like array of integers .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  canonicalize the string representation of words .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   filename
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert the convert size of the cluster .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   items
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension of a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  gets all the metadata for xblock .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  gets   collection
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the entry available for the plugins wiki tags: :rtype: dict .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  halt a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   zone
truth:  halt   null

test:  set sample matrix and add sample elements to sorted list .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if data contains a string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  if   find
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value corresponding to the nearest db .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  add default form to the request uri if possible .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  display a python function .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   use
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  check if string is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  share filesystem objects .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  populate   flannel
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the singular from the entire solution .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   dictionary
truth:  computes   null

test:  is real loss .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  negate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a video .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  callback that ensures that all arrays to the passed array .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  clears   pivot
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains the listed that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute a linear log function .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of sepcified kind .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the matrix of the input along the linear distribution .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must take a partial arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  take   position
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  testing should raise an exception if various loads .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  replace characters that have a valid meaning in a valid meaning in a valid meaning equivalents .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  replace   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove specified call['stderr']if application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  test a config can be changed on config title .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  test   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a string argument into an int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  update an elb with the given app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  update   install
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given patch on the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create the iis iis type .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a random 3 step with random projection matrix .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  code   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if a given density or not .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  warning   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  checks an exception for a valid varint in the validation hierarchy .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  raises   strip
truth:  value   value

test:  gets exif data from exif space .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  returns whether a site has deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  utility function to push a local device name to an note .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  obtain overrides the javascript file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached size size of the cached size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  installs a new specification .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  to   list
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find elements .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  find   algorithm
truth:  to   try

test:  regression test for barycentric get highlighted correctly .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  see   test
truth:  check   check

test:  expand one service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  create a return a name of the dictionary .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a valid validator for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a list of result names .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set uuid of the user in .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  set audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  color   a
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a password .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   precision
truth:  return   a

test:  get doc stock ids for given warehouse .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  get   constructor
truth:  allows   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  return   return

test:  show user change their notification .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the percentile of an array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all query that match zero or more query .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the autocommit flag of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test the gradient function when computing list of squares .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  dump the response to the log message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  short   build
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  assert that task has no newline raise :jenkins-wiki:envinject exception .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   information
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that converts a function into a fake solution .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  resource_id bcache bcache device with the bcache device .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator to require long_to_bytes command to the function as a test .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse command-line statistics and send it to console .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  string   string

test:  gets the items of a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  gets   fingerprint
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  find   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  register all keyword arguments .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  =   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dict with unicode keys appended from the location encoding .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update data retrieved .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  go   api
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can test that we can override their trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   count
truth:  null   strategy

test:  change the status of the user .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return module name from the module if module is true .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  initialize the module as a substring .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute adjacency distribution parameters crossentropy : array_like .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   topic
truth:  return   return

test:  this function allows an http user to request .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* worst individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return binary threads for image coordinates .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  return   find
truth:  given   null

test:  look-up -> a querydict .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to log the part of a active notification .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  to   messages
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model model from model_file_name and return .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the real path against html and func1 that terminates .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  check to see if the post post is last playing .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  to   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  returns an element in the datastore .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test a vcs vcs command .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  create   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full path to the python build file from this python .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the shape of a matrix .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an "data" callback .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  return   json
truth:  import   a

test:  set parameters to use in the api .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  set   get
truth:  module   module

test:  build a profiles map of the provided ini file .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   dict
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  no_translation must show html .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  are   check
truth:  test   html

test:  return string with all console info .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  runs the main application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  runs   example
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypt key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decrypt   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to make the cloexec storage_class_specifier storage_class_specifier on success .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  displays a string with its initial by spaces .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  creates a n_levels with the given author .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of f in encryption g .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   calling
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the record data as a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   file
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of available mapping for the given info .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if local_gpu_elemwise_0 is accepted .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute users config dictionary and including any fields from a list of users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  compute   limit
truth:  computes   null

test:  read xml file and return parsed xml output .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  content   in
truth:  validate   a

test:  create a blockdevice_id from a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  produce a series of dataframe objects based on the stack .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  create   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return tagging title corresponding to the title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a apps keys string or a text key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  deletes   a

test:  load the metadata app .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  load   volumes
truth:  get   get

test:  move to the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  to   history
truth:  move   back

test:  override this decorate a fake unicode counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get the contents of options required to the server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap api methods to handle exceptions .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allow alarm report .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  command   attributes
truth:  given   a

test:  return common run of files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the logger mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns unique content id .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for tests to be a handler to acquire the response with http response .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  request   null
truth:  note   note

test:  test various search mappings for dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  test   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the branch by performing all of the locationreturn .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   directory
truth:  converts   converts

test:  accepts a dict of value .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this is a wrapper function for tests some nasty features .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an block device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  performs an object until an object has a suspend tag .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  testing   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud data into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to skip test unless its true .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the users full context .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  get   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for displaying an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  rollback release version to make the state of a password .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  release   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return code from network identifier or string .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls the given repo and return a byte string with the associated bytes .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific child volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the intconstant print stack .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test to notification force .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  set symbols of all symbols given functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of sequences .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given data will be checked against the given data .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  checks to see if given section settings are present in the section .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the command in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  return set of all receivers from the given signal that should receive the given signal from sender to this associated sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 0 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  short   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string containing audio audio file from file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  callback function for returning an int .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get step with an array of vector3s .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the current user id for the requested user from which the trial will use .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  make sure that hibernate is running .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  estimate discrete features should be discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  generates   price
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  a line number that has line number of strings .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  function   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm and minion cli example: .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   virtual
truth:  stop   a

test:  assume that the directory is close to repeat distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file in registry is complex .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   check
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decides whether g represents a groebner list of the tournament .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  decides   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to the master document .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  wrapper around the raw_bytes classes .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test sure index is properly needed to inject image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   image

test:  return a list of vms cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a rope and installs packages setup with openbsd .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a python header string as a unicode string .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  the validator is only of all the frames .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle the output of the config_string and leave its traceback if missing .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a datadog layout string for rendering diffs .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  render   a

test:  given a policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a simple unicode object that preserves to a string .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call traffic command in the output .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  send   performance
truth:  display   display

test:  redirect up the redirect version of console .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  process   patches
truth:  if   check

test:  replace tan and cos/sin function with sin/cos and unquoted function .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get triangle mesh by side .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write the temporary file at the given time .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wrapper for building a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  called   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get the status of the cmd depending on the current platform .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of ^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  extract a list of chunks with a set of file graph numbers .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters in markdown mode .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if dataset satisfies the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a function to a list of decorators .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a queryset containing only if the msgs is found .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   -
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the studio version of the page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create all messages from a given language .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  create   translations
truth:  write   a

test:  assign a new affiliation record to the ancestor jump .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a scene is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr source localization transform .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   connections
truth:  function   function

test:  get the node that are in a particular node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess files in a list of components .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  files   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns an ordered response .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  save json object to a store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  config   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a resource protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python file from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a simple dict of a rgba dict .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of test modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of lists suitable for use wit tests .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the last available events from the generator .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if bound is in inverse and not in proper sub log .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return boolean address that is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup a table of tuples and emit sql .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  output   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts an entry from the given image and returns a wrapper of cmd .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  wrap a function to invoke the return value .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  loads a public key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get the string of a given identifier .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  get   datetime
truth:  format   date

test:  wrapper of open command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  function   function

test:  list all pillar data from the states that can be installed .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset token .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  convert translatable or plain handler into source kernel .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  join   function
truth:  translates   null

test:  a supplied color .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  color   names

test:  this function takes a valid clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   one

test:  see url .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a service from config .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an equal basis of the computational basis .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a number of rows from a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   celery
truth:  embedded   start

test:  create a utility function of elements of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  blocks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return dataset of file from file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  to   warnings
truth:  print   up

test:  gets the list of points in a string .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return sample data with its data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  compute a file or all upload files that match a specified glob path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  am   am

test:  reruns view for dev for dev for students reruns .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  remove command from a list of command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  assert a list parameter functions works .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks access to the course tree for this user .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  a helper function used in k[x] of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  uploads signal handler for saving a django user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   configuration
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   generate
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a directive name .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on list of tuples .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  callback for an application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  string   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the driver instance for a given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  checks that the user has access to the given course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of gf i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get multivariate entry rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  disable   get
truth:  get   status

test:  create a dict of keys from a csv dict by name .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple precision objects into an array .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  report a password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  loop   check
truth:  to   login

test:  holds truthy/falsey .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  missing   token
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  take the color and parse this image .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  take   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create the locator locator with default logit strings .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  associate   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the provided root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates new event cache object generated from a new transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  run command line interface .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check to see if filename is common .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  to   find
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator to add a function to the decorated function .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate integer as string or raise an integer .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  callback   check
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  graph an grapher graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  assigns   wrapper
truth:  display   a

test:  return the string of the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  check component between an ndarray and center parameters data : ndarray the array of observations where reshapes has no deviation .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a parameter has passed in keypair .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  toggle the output for the given string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the interval at the predicted matrix t and hid excepting .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  null   intersections
truth:  null   a

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  logs out a log for a given context .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get mapi types that have the pool in a spherical document .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if device is a raid device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if an error is an administrator .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representing the format in the given file gb' .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   list
truth:  file   file

test:  get the dictionary key type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get an lamps file .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads a list with ipython projects .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  the offsets from data .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  update ) 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  compute   h

test:  get page index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns boolean array of the ip address or fail if no ip address is not .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  issue   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split the list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  normalize position of arbitrary precision examples .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  restores templates only needs an accessor to raise a file .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  default   up
truth:  changes   django

test:  subgraphs version of exprexpr .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the presence of a particular job id from the given job id .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  new user form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this function can be an index of the user .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a rule} .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   thickness
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of where the cursor is .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  lowercase   truncate
truth:  null   numeric

test:  if we are a special action or a tuple .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful a vm by id and a progress instance .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  to   information
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a colon in python 2 .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  allow   calling
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a leaf tree by loading its type name .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that an data table aastex table with wrong data .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert g++/osx memory if needed .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   null
truth:  count   count

test:  preload the beginning of the linux distribution .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  limit   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test some advanced function .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  update a zone on specified slaves and updates on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a slot attribute of an instance .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the 1 .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run this function in a stack .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a bound structure that is suitable for queried with replacing each variable bound to the accepted date .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  remove 'docker elements from context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  this function takes a list of tuples and returns true if the file system does not exist .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  grab alignment sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  get   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns either this file are connected .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  invoke   entries
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a list of actions of the given module actions .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a term that always show all the data .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  print   function
truth:  null   dummy

test:  is this a boolean? .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract the dictionary from a file and return the corresponding line as a tuple .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   strings

test:  create a master installation master bytes from a master file descriptor block signal handler to copy to its stdin * if master is not a clean with a *n* binary
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require english project0 .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a warning_class message with the given shape and converts it to the real name .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  user filtered by default .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  run   endpoint
truth:  null   events

test:  revoke - login from a flow file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  access   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve cpu is running .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string of offset .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  add   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal depart depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial map of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether tests are either a dictionary or a list of tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  some s3 object to retrieve the file to a file-like object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns a list of numbers for an item in the given iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  guess the y-values that was contained with the given image or the image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  to   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named source .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the given data .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external dataverse cli example: .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   build
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return the number of u'{}'] content at a given line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  counts   line
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  update password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function that allows partial attribute value from the given dictionary of an object .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  get   a

test:  the astropy class name from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a conversion or logs that corrects the given path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  raise an accesserror if name is a valid host-name name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that all parameters in the node graph .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  list the docker packages on this system cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  replace two values with the given string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text representation of the read text .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate the contents of just write the string to a file to .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   search
truth:  update   update

test:  get unpacked loop from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  like quote() .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the dictionary and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a name complete temp with the columns passed in the db .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the human-readable string of a euclidean using the writable .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  edit   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the mean of the two numbers .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the default delayed function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise function between interactive observers and looking .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove links from a given link .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an defaults and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create a blob from the vfs stub .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  convert the rgb image and build the rgb color .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  verifies   class
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the registrations for the various auth version and ensure that the user is not the json or the start of the auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   http

test:  call ylimits .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  render   render

test:  search a prefix dict where some underscores are yields cassandra .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  function   accept
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for instance mapping .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get path with strings from a string that are allowed in a particular format .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get an attribute string by passing an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  inclusion of an input image .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  result   result

test:  delete a new inventory record for the provider and populates the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  given   update
truth:  delete   up

test:  read the config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a specific jobs records from a buffer .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  convert a *sql* .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  registration module name from the email form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   a

test:  register one application for the setup .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that overrides the django installed django .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a name .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  processes   processes

test:  renders a comment for a review issue status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of plugin plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute inf routine info from inf instead of interprets .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an action is present and has a value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator to skip test if imp is support .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  used   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the object to be used in json .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for computing the desired device .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  build a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  send   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts output from line flag .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute untouched copy of registering at the boundrequiresamatrixargument' each jpeg in boundrequiresamatrixargument' .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether a device is an local device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  check   a
truth:  matches   device

test:  test for issue cannot be callables in python .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  change the current container to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  change   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  use   function
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify a dict describing the amqp parameter parameter values .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test various valueerror when the censure range of a bad value raises an error .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  tests   square
truth:  null   difference

test:  parses the first leaf tokens that is a string leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  find   class
truth:  set   set

test:  look for the vm with a vbd record .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  look   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  this function allows a module by module name to be raw objects .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  function   return
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that standby is running .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a gnu linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure an array of valid weights are compatible .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  ensure   weights
truth:  check   check

test:  returns section of a pair .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return an active orm object from key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  clear all job data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  clear   merge
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  check if the django field exists .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   view
truth:  if   check

test:  add or update mathjax script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  sets the path info that are present and whitespace removed .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  write   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given element is present in the list of strings .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create the given directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  common prefix from a route app in a request .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  starts   function
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the conch key from key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open an action -> hotkeys with the given parent document .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   paths
truth:  open   open

test:  n346 - use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run logging .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   server
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse <span parameters bins : int .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a page into separate page hierarchy .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   home
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary with a given user_id .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock system .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  if   version
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - has the default filter from an existing table .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive free .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given field can be overridden for the given block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create a directory for storing the parent directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  projects   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check the validity .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get/create permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  tests if unconditionally needs a newline at the given params .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  see   token
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an update and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  make a base base value for a base base value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read key from unix format config file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse parsing headers .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve a an ip address for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  find   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  get the http error handler .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  the main api .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for issue (dict in angular order .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  using   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a set of tuples to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test file name .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create {'ipsecpolicy' .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style data .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  given a store set .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  child number of gpus on the device .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   length
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all the docstring .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  null   network
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to a coroutine .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create output of $ variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  create   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  random random string .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup the view of a resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request to the review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  default text for the unicode text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes the pidlockfile that has no scenarios found in dictionary .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the return the return the return the return the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  description] a role by ends with a given name .
truth: create a role . 
test:  null   auto
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add a user on an existing user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  initial page .
truth: print help message . 
test:  url   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  import a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  format network information .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  format   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  search a dict of attributes .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  access   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a courses" filter for framework .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts the distance between two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  converts   set
truth:  measures   null

test:  fill the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a summary of the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city lat .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   entry
truth:  code   code

test:  create a directory that creates a socket .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to a coroutine .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  simulate an absolute url to the console .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  ensuring   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the [x[safe chain .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  quote a db db to be silent .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  disable   database
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a remote index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  running   a
truth:  index   index

test:  serialize a python object to hex string .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  code   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  allow users to be displayed from the course creator .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  access   a
truth:  list   users

test:  a list of names and associate the document list .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  null   new
truth:  typing   null

test:  fake distutils .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject a review board widget .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   params

test:  renders a detailed chunk of a form of deployed extensions .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run flocker-volume with the given arguments and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for setting up a function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts the list of dependencies that match the lists of the provided parameters .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  invoke a collection attribute for a given target .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  removes the data for an http json named request .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  removes   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upload a directory from an up to a method .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  make a binary string for binary or hex type .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively tuple .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  compute the object that resets a time in a datetime .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  format data from a blob .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  stream   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate tasks that are not take long .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return the graph between two adjacency arrays .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary with tags for the incoming object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update members with given compression with attributes .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an existing migration instance .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  lists all the desc tables in the db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sort i is either a polynomial number of elements .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a package with ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   pylint
truth:  install   install

test:  main program of some operation of a process .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  escapes   compile
truth:  expected   null

test:  redefine this fixture to change the worker task pool .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the argument is iterable .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks that value matches the provided value .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  lists all dicts .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  lists   run
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a default maximum config values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  help   help

test:  most common keys in a search dict .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  store   null
truth:  null   items

test:  basic current user address and backend signature .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   return

test:  function to get the topics .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  memoized the return value in a function .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  wrap our pre- if its a constant .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  test   a
truth:  use   use

test:  serialize javascript data in a list of urls .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  serialize   html
truth:  return   html

test:  sort any keywords that are present in the list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find the first file .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  controller to wrap a json records that redirects a particular table in the req/req/create routine .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  fit image metadata that will be first babies and col data to the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  fit   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure all effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  determine if the virtualenv exists inside of the virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize {'format' .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   initialization
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  be   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   pyexcelerate
truth:  run   run

test:  send multipart events .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   register
truth:  start   a

test:  pass in the container .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of raw l .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the region name for the given region code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  check if the current controller .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   events
truth:  patch   patch

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  custom retrlines callback .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  handles   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a transformation that is a time tzinfo .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the number detail html tag .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports this plugin sets the build as build steps .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   sbt
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get a group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  copy all attributes from x_0 .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run a command to run a given command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns an dtlz4 team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the human-readable string representing a human-readable version .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return an exception for name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   return
truth:  change   change

test:  yield a list of all locales found in the given package .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  return the name of the specified user for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  return   a

test:  callback function for defining a given event button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve and sorts the values in pattern and returns a list of strings .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  search   search

test:  support support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  scan the unsupported and traffic it returns the relevant path .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a message to the latest projects .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  take a opcode .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  take   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  runs the homebrew executable and credentials cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  runs   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve the packages for each git repository .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable or print a page animations on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules representing the beginning of the replaces -ic .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  return a list of table names needed to represent the table for a given table .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  write the new model metadata to a file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  write   store
truth:  model   model

test:  parses a string input .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  format   a
truth:  parse   json

test:  ill either return the responses or running response .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  null   get
truth:  call   call

test:  find a phone index in a possible index .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  parse one of the ports ports ports .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  to   callback

test:  check if string representation of username: whose top_k are present in "x" .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  download osram networks .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  set   matlab
truth:  update   update

test:  checks all closed issues from all issues which are not closed closed .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  mock   list
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test for url .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   ticket

test:  default app .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  define   get
truth:  null   a

test:  clone the source that can be created from the specified snapshot .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  tag   import
truth:  install   a

test:  checks whether the test can be out based on the test and returns whether microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  support   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a single polygon letter from the arguments dictionary into tuple of tuples .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the twitter exam for the specified course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  automatically handles a last debian config so that the model has the take upstream_task_family .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  this extension is a string representation of openshift-creator .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  null   return
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for timedelta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  does basic length itself .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  does   list
truth:  null   basis

test:  make to g in expbase .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  to   datetime
truth:  return   a

test:  get an list&wt additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   query
truth:  list   list

test:  update the user force its fields .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  update   add
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   load
truth:  require   null

test:  find encrypt includes a given path .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the metric definitions from matlab .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate the html and duck-typing to html strings if html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  return the first dimension of datapoints at the guaranteed of an expression .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  return   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the range of a particular array is valid .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the sum from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration of opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   view
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of rows from a string .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test replace certain unicode cannot be invalid .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  return   test
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the warnings from ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  retrieve a config backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  guess a response with the response .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  to   view
truth:  called   null

test:  test a hsa hsa starting with a square matrix .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   length

test:  i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a bytes field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check for a discussion certificate .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  set up the cups switch implementation .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  make the dependency version of the given package name .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  double : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr power expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a binary string format in a python file .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scalar data from list-like or diff object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  decode unicode strings to utf-8 encoded in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  decode   in
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the weights of a 1d matrix note: this function is used by integrating .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   stub
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  chop and n-steps .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  null   input
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to execution policy methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  the api cannot be represented as a new column .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection of a yaml collection and returns a new collection collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  cookie a cookie by cookie names .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns an image object populated with metadata for the request .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert between lengths .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the current available kernel module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a list of data id associated with details .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository name for the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable or disable a function that wraps subsection .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  enable   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  dummy function for serving the metric model .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the object is an object .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  create a new instance of summary summary summary summary of file .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  tuple   build
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  optimizes   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  let   check
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to binary representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  hex   hex

test:  this is called from git .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  takes a set of json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  this function converts an schemas to a list of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a blob from a blob .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  checks if a vlan has been network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   state

test:  factory function to create related models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in c3 if c3 is not the sequence .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   bind
truth:  merges   mros

test:  return a string with newline stripped .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call this to pass in the string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json representation of all valid activity activity for the user and ignorable changes .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a servicepair that uses servicepair with a pool object .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dict of dictionaries to none .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  calculate contig of the global n-dimensional by erosion over the shape .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key for the current request .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  parses a url from parsed api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the n-th n-th coefficient of x and positive expressions of the elementnode expansion function .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and name from a device .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if user is in version .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  search   remove
truth:  creates   a

test:  checks if filename is absolute .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns a byte string from the same length .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  register a keys in a dict .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  gets   usage
truth:  push   element

test:  write a file to the acoustid folder .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find first memory chunks from new graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the directory where the host is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  to   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to get in instances in a dnssec form .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  serialize a domain name using the grains .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  return a random graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  validate that the request is present .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  validate   factory
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return a worksheet package name .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate assignment of a url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  creates   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert data into a timestamp .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the list of visible courses access to the given user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add lt form of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  add   create
truth:  compute   a

test:  this is a wrapper function which runs the configurations as a string and returns a list of tuples .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  helper function to sleep a running equals window .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  function   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  grant access to the wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  install   install

test:  get a friendly attribute of the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  get   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances id from an object .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the pyenv versions of pyenv and installs it .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  to   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  make exclude has bad channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  make   ecg
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  undo fully linux .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   implementation

test:  compute the likely key for a xvd or a correlation [ of inputs .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the sort strings by there are some features related to the multi-dim sort defined by __init__ .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  makes   decorator
truth:  apply   apply

test:  used for parsing .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  null   issue
truth:  null   ^

test:  return image tensor .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively sets the next queue with lowest state and state types that markers; ignored by the node .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  to   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  make sure the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  make   warning
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a list of finnish identifiers for table metadata .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  this should be a valid test program or a tuple that has test .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a dict of valid group_type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for rruleset bzr which will require an cached environment variables .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to create event in a nice manner .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  function   datetimes
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a regex for a regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  default dashboard to default dashboard .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  install an environment variable for the gettext code .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure set_linelength works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   check
truth:  error   error

test:  create summaries for each sample data sets the provided taxa .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary file from a group .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   idea
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  extract   rest

test:  test vispy should only pull in other modules .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  test   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  convert a single test suite into a list of all available plugins .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the compressor will have a given request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct an edit edit distance between two 3 objects .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   description
truth:  null   description

test:  takes input content and converts it to ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  takes   pretty
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid getxy .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the file system path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that 0/1 performs a few second with complies and their labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   isolation
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  require a evil_member .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  require   a
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css class from css class classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  function for displaying an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests that the tail count correctly for a few sparse matrix gets correctly .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add a new host for the host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  host   host

test:  gets the default plugin configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  gets   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the whitespace for .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  make   null

test:  wrap playing event with command .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  endpoint   api
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict to an integer .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the regex to a file .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a k[x] string to a file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write contents to a temporary script in the filesystem .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   a

test:  add a prefix to url based on a url prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  add   a
truth:  url   url

test:  load a persistent x data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  left   null

test:  fetches mute preferences of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  ensures that the virtualbox new page can be used and customization multiple fields .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name from the list of strings .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a volumetric effect with the dock default: various tests .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dont throw html .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  tests   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  add workers headers .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   gcode
truth:  add   race

test:  confirmation uses djangos urls .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove artist neighbour neighbour feature .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  passed   apply
truth:  return   a

test:  set a preference for connection .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  function   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  decorate to keep on final memoize .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box disjoint targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a view that shows the html of a html .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   route
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  change ci] strength by checking for an other prim .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  change   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  return a random number generator .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file extension match a translation file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  declare a function with imp .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  fetches   factory
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given runner on a backend .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape special characters from a string with a single space .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  get a user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare a replication role with zero and initial state .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  default string representation of an xml .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  default   sequence
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  retrieve 'notes' information .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  return   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  change the last access time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  change   average
truth:  calls   calls

test:  maps stata types to statas dtype .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  domain   dtype
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  set new audio output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  instantiates   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  builds a course section string to complete the course section 3 .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  builds   summary
truth:  provide   data

test:  score for access .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand the a list of columns by a column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  converts a seq-object version string to a keyinfo file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns the image cover art associated with a given image .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  restore   list
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a tree node containing admin items in a dict containing list of key[ node names and their only one containing this node .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download and return https file .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  invoke a url and check its 180 timeout for the given url .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  block   a
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class object for a class or none if it is not equal to .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  print expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  set the text keys based on the boolean type .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  set   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test a valid entity from provider away by name .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  open   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  job_id the endpoint of a particular shared variable .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  selects   assert
truth:  return   return

test:  like timesince .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  like   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that only uses python that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for options .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified element of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  test that the version of the shortened is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  same as :py:func:parsedotval .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  get estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  marks   key
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  writes out code from a yaml document .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  clip code down the bundled shared variable and add a code at index z t .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  uses   variance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function converts data to unpickle a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  pickle   convert
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for unary/binary result .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  return row** of scipy .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  convert camel separated list of strings into a string that can be used as a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user has visible and parent_is_init a results .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  predicate   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  generate a unique error log file .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   task

test:  wrapper for longs .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   method
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a posix time in seconds into an integer .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered loop from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run arguments .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password password form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  move to the current timezone cli example: .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function computes a set of intercept steps with a regular parallels coordinates .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  function   a
truth:  produce   linear

test:  create a file descriptors and send a turned event .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  private wrapper for a line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a rhel or rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  convenience function for computing logical group of a particular object .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a pil image to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   cluster
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the test is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager to construct a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a list of all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the last-modified file to be updated at a given cache file .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  save a process in an ssl thread .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  save   a
truth:  is   null

test:  a factory function that creates a new curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all valid member by id .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decode image :(%) for evaluation .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  decode   reverse
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  get   list
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file safe filename .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  dumps the mapping of how to this file .
truth: main function . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  function   function

test:  strips all between a and b in the given string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read string from the network offset .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns a 8601 angle in a grid grid .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  remove a dict of data from a post output .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the type of specific items in this minion .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the date in settings .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  view that handles a user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  create a task of task name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates the projects name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the path directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup loggers .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  attach   configure
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   decorator
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default value from the default file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the xml .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes vector of true from a worksheet array of integers of a regression or matrix s : array-like # indicated things .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  mean   dummy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: priority-sorter publish builds at certain build .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   seed
truth:  null   null

test:  pick keys from a host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  open   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create chain with sparse matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  create   a
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on remote server with provided sync .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   use
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns key descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the value of the data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  value   a
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild a signal .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  intended   a
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course based on the organization default status .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  find the directory and add its path to .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   user

test:  attempts ip specific ip with the provided network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract the tarball from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is array-like .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run multiple substitution of the given thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  fix   add
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  get a unique variable name .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  git-describe(1)_ the q of second and only .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert srs by name into the structure of a srs this function returns a dictionary containing the state of its results .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  null   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the window arguments in a window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy version of args .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  wrapper to call a function to run non connections on non .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string in a completions string this is wrong a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send ? command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  equation linear differential equation examples .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  compare   1st
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of the user options .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the spm description of an spm plugin .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   query
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to an object .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region name that is a specific region .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host with rfc request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  for each lazyloader .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote an escaped string of the argument .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  make the number of users for a traffic summary report .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  convert a values dictionary from a boolean parameter string into argname support .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  apply a atom string to an input element .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve resource by first reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a reset value for given value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  formats all logs info message from a properly formatted .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  deletes   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  the linear coefficient function .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restart all nested instances .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  verify   stop
truth:  null   null

test:  like text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  float   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the node configuration for the given node .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   cluster
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a field according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  centers   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  set and headers for cors requests .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  checks   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the xml degree .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email addresses .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a formatted time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a route table with the specified cidr table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return exercises that checks if user has completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return application name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator to prevent the guest view .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   returns
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lag scaling matrix from list of tuples .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of all views that are up .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the calculate stats between a single order and derived number of dimensions .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   method
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this method checks to see if organizations is not enabled .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return xs .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  =   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the list of ipythons data for this minion .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  find an instance of a :class:fontkey font by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  find   find
truth:  function   function

test:  get path with paths .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  given an input name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  given   null
truth:  input   input

test:  init rules in the configuration .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate the provided data .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that requires request to the decorated function .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take a number of frac and returns the response power of frac .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  email   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate table delete the most resolved table .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set current fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  restart everything .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  try to frames .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  to   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  robust loglikelihood given coordinate x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  add linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  concatenates   accept
truth:  divide   one

test:  transform the output of useless --target .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple consisting of lists in a flat list response .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  return   partitions
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file or directory for the given path .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  matrix functions .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field of factorial(n) .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   function
truth:  checked   create

test:  helper function .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  function   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts the given object to utf-8 string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  utf-8   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a new word made with the given words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  return the dhcp options object currently being passed to the vpc object .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - "turtle" identifiers are "turtle" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  only load if the fileserver backend is available in __salt__ .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  load   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a kernel working directory and update an xri identifies .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   start
truth:  require   null

test:  resolve a function and returns the call for it .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  resolve   func
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path as a directory .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  modify an gce policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  modify   function
truth:  update   update

test:  setup multiple import of routers .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  point   enable
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  reading   reading

test:  dumb children of this worker .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  gets the list of evaluated documents containing the specified log document .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a gpg object from the database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of available locale modules cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  counts leading whitespace .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  return   number

test:  evaluate a set of tuples to a transform .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  view for adding the user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints the pprint for the models .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  prints various default commit .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class or classes .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  called   a
truth:  function   function

test:  float32 a single image file or each of three letter .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  label   changes
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is approximation of the worker with this bound to the timeout but fails .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   set
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message if an stderr error was unknown .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  get the push for the current thread .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   push

test:  checks if a forum exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  if systemd is a file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  rename files to backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  rename   directories
truth:  tars   null

test:  the list to be removed .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that hugs exception type succefully the api allows arbitrary in the accept wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  pass through the docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pass   return
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if url is related to falsenetloc .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the default value of value .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  set the headers to the sponsored header on the filesystem .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a service by hostname and topic it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a server from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a purchase from a purchase based on the current reporter .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse a picture plugin .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the avatar avatar to a service .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  take   a
truth:  render   render

test:  display command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  command   a
truth:  function   function

test:  reader -> str create reader object parameters expr : the name of the module object .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   line
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to pass the log to a file .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get legendre matrix .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  sample   decorator
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to the lists .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  select lasso positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes the root absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  log a logger .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  log   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the current console .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   column
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone string and converts it to its &amp; .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the triangle mesh from the string representation of the given attachment attribute .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  take the specified number of a specified parameters .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines from the specified config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  adapt   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the module that corresponds to the doctest path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  initialize   null

test:  update multiple documents .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse the same contents of a string using the rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  input   a
truth:  put   put

test:  calls the given node and appear in the target list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validate that both ip and push it to an instance .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates the ip addresses of the human network and store them in the following network configuration .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require the required tar version or git apps .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  this is necessary .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  executes   image
truth:  null   self

test:  this is a wrapper around grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  null   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raises an error if id is none .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format datetime object for datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  helper to set tagged function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent virtual server in recent notebook .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  fake   implementation
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a signature as base64 .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory that contains calibre-portable .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a convenience function for weve and returns an integer .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the current user has the permission to perform permission_codename .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the rit kwarg .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of the elements of the given element in the given list of strings .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  sort   function
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a + b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available topics cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   get
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  an empty view .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  display   null
truth:  null   health

test:  generates the impossible reads the original successive files .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator for raised functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string in an if its not a string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the file name for a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns common voting string for an integer .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   name
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff of a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a function to the attribute of the function .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  return a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method tries to remove the coupon or reset of the user from the reset method .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   method

test:  send a multiline yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   step
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function to check if there are unique .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the length of a string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   key

test:  given snmp command and pretty print the epoch if needed .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parses   error
truth:  check   check

test:  test the confirm process with entry-point models .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   a
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode an :class: .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to skip a task to be called from the process .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   rpm
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  ldap a args: expression of the interpolating expression for the interpolating expression .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all archive option for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  get a transaction .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  create   a

test:  sets up chunks of the allowance frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  quotes   exception
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a window with name .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front with the loops and add the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified function is valid and applies it to the target device .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry by removing all the orm .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print a table of server color .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  create a local python 'bdist uploads .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  this updates the latest version of the
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  output   information
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split a path into a tree .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   path
truth:  split   a

test:  convert any data from a timestamp to a plain timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  appends a message .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  make   strings

test:  get the action status cli example: .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  trial the flocker service instance using a package .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  run   run

test:  if user has a home with home .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  if   set
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests max_revision() gets the latest revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  returns "attrs" format from a variable-length module .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main script .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively setup keys with all the current values from any of the dictionary .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  in local library must raise an exception with a valueerror .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme from the footer .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : atom | newline | testlist .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   suite
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg where wed a given path was added to the mercurial git source distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the fields from src to a dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  takes   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  convert a binary string to binary .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  like   like

test:  price twitter price frame .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  parse a simple 2d sequence of example features .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  process   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieves   current
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parse a iso 8601 date string and returns a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a simple string representation of a string .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  read an array of tuples from a tensor .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  read   generate
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements of two elements within the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute compute kernel between samples in sparse and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a command name list of the init command .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  get   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  set data .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true iff the function passed to the pkg .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   example
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  lists   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  default mri mri mri .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of a 3d z method .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return markdown fields of markdown fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  named   a
truth:  text   text

test:  read one value of the labjack device .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  used   back
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return polynomials function that is not patched logprobs .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  a simple tasks to acquire the same length as a list of know @todo: move the following region .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  null   count
truth:  block   block

test:  a pickleable helper function to write the binary units to a lambda function .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression test for file_map get against quantities .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   x

test:  create xml tags for xml tags .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this method will replace only if the function is or any of the form files that has been referenced in the given format with a new get_html this file .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check that an having a time series of precision is the limit of precision .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the column key for a column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get any roles info from a string .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   roles

test:  get inset path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict or root key in the database .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a review version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review a screenshot with a particular ui .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  null   send
truth:  displays   a

test:  add an in-memory time to the given time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  add   time
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the memcache namespace to the memcache namespace .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the user user has the banned user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   user

test:  get a suitable context path from the current encoding .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a full xkcd url from a system url and returns the version string to do a relative xkcd url .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  updates   request
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a python file using filename and return a python name .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   function
truth:  load   data

test:  transform any given data from data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  write   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  gets a filename of a stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   filename
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the cr and a tuple of .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   handles
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore variables key-value variables .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   example
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  make   worker

test:  raise an error if the supplied arguments is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate directives .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   log
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extracts input from the given object from a course id .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  called for the zone_id python script .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  null   search
truth:  test   test

test:  import a module given its name or dotted {% favicon_path drivers .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  the dict should be loaded from url .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute the filename from a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  increments the disk partitions by a device in the device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  array   array

test:  given policy in a set of policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  given   function
truth:  fix   size

test:  turns some records in a dataset into a generator .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the path in the feature text file .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  build the platform ids used by a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability of the chi-squared istatechange from a shifted dataframe .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  watching   current
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict for exits .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for the module .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the containers .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart traffic server on the local node and restart on the given node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  take the output of a binary image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a single package with pkg_delete multiple package options: pkgs a list of packages to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  called by the function or need to be run from template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  called   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test url generator for byte processing .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  url   api
truth:  verify   null

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  the log_mean_exp will convert the unix ~/ of a class .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  tokenwrap -> string generator .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  makes approximate version .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the arguments if its supplied function takes from a list of arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new instance of group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   fetch
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  saves a test unless a file with plots is located successfully .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  saves   asserts
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  write the summary preferred to the device .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a random distribution with the given number of dimensions .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  delete stats from object .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  waits for shorthand to the host at given host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  wait   connect
truth:  to   try

test:  sync the off off button on a new vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  sync   validate
truth:  set   set

test:  update a trace that can be updated for an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  get a json file .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   view
truth:  get   a

test:  context manager for adding strange asset variables to asset setting .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  context   get
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  renders the plot with an usage tutorial .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   render
truth:  print   a

test:  return a random user .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper to trigger presented .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a valid config file from a parsed config .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  resets resets .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   information
truth:  print   print

test:  compute the singleton of the first argument to the base singleton .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  tries to find the name of the given hint .
truth: remove " . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get form format for a user .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate request signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  insert a command using targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  extract   host
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   a

test:  a version of backend .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  string   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current transaction .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  format a reactor .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the minimum of a leading/trailing table was walking the current source .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   split
truth:  given   a

test:  replace users with their names that were passed in the list of values .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  given   a

test:  make a file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  moving   null

test:  attempts to obtain combination of product store .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adding   handle

test:  returns the url to the invalid url for the user .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a multiline formatted string into a list of lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open a file in a specified period of outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  encode   generate
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  detect eccentricity of a block of numbers .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  detect   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates addition info from course info .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities string for the given capabilities .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the name of the device .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this allows you to skip this function in a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  called   check
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  composite composite images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets up the port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language for the given request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generates current meas id for the given date .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove all characters from string with a native value .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  string   filter
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for getting a function .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  create   dot
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the header value for the given header .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse xml encoded xml file into a given in a given ast .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  parse   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a suitable secret key for a given secret .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  dont have empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the job html into a sequence of html .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  known known port for use in modules .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  save   sets
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   null

test:  not all of pyobjc that should only be called when it has python 2 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get valid version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   docker
truth:  get   get

test:  get block devices for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance for an instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a formatted difference string from a datetime object .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  checks the exit sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  checks   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   function
truth:  thread   thread

test:  reload service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  decorator to skip tests if package isnt enabled .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  change   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves an equation of a matrix in-place a probability matrix given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  generates a random integer state that can be used to generate a random integer representing the default state of each 250 .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  return   key
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  checks and see if code is a function .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  called   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   dependency
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements from the various given text .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  render a resource to a vcenter .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  write a command .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  running   try
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  probability of a and mask .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  context manager that acquires a context with xml output .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  request loading users registrations for an action or none .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  request   check
truth:  call   call

test:  set the timeout if func is true .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  to   return
truth:  run   a

test:  only load this module if sampled is installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   function
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  creates a directory that fixes in --editable locations .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   need
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return a list of c{root types that can be found in given pattern of dependency name .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  is   list
truth:  get   get

test:  view execution that changes the specified category .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a string to sympy or float .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne validator .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compile the pattern .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  fetches the json json from a rate of data from the user and returns the elastic ip address containing the result of the ip address string containing the result of
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  fetches   object
truth:  execute   a

test:  checking rabbitmqctl signal to a course structure .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  access   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  allow inner units to override a calendar with its units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  time   time

test:  evaluate a vector of colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  =   transform
truth:  splits   a

test:  return make_boolean matrix from transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  split x by y into y and y by y .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  split   a
truth:  compute   dot

test:  returns index .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  list   order
truth:  to   redirect

test:  function to find cloud storage library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  to   json
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  compute eigenvector of complex transform .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  compute   k
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow line .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  warn   log
truth:  log   log

test:  test the position of the current request object .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   wrapper
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  get   doc
truth:  null   null

test:  parse input expression and return a parsedtemplate tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists all the entries in the given user .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  is it a valid directory a path a python version .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test a single text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the total index for the services .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clears   subscribers
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper method to get the request name from the post log in user .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the key function that matches a key in the key specified by ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to return each line of a line in a line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random random string :return: only composed of externally strings .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify we can be present at this text .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  pass   pass

test:  axes the max implementation of the given student .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  dimension   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper function for cinder comparison grade and project log file .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if *obj* is a type .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  lazily the modules .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  set up the zoneminder sensor .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  do not throw tests .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  create the upper sql code .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  read a file and return as documented from .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  read   gcode
truth:  find   find

test:  drop all indices to bad epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  selected   null
truth:  equalize   null

test:  a reference to the object that wont order to the object that wont order an object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence state for a cursor .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  find the full path that a file with a list of cmd .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if required libs are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  check the csrf off the csrf off the request - we can use the new requests with csrf new value .
truth: given a request . 
test:  check   headers
truth:  given   a

test:  update sympy .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the baselist corresponding to comparelist they appear in a list .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  get the course descriptor for the course .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  get   course
truth:  to   checks

test:  format count of sequences to match the number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   n

test:  set up the coinmarketcap sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a decorator to run a test if not installed .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write the given data to a remote file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  set up the default commands for logging .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  log   log

test:  properly set up the egg:paste#auth_digest differential properly .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis of x along an axis of x along
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change the image properties of the image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  change   return
truth:  sets   optional

test:  then return a renderer handle renderer .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  mock   view
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element of a sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides this state until the mysql command is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  set   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find a sysctl command line from a d config string .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  marks an error message in the server .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if were not already present in facts .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  reset   time
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get the closest remaining references of the closest remaining references .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  set   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a factory to get the issubclass of an individual class from the issubclass .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  is   replace
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts all issues from issue .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  export states of exploration to yaml .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  dictionary   part
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to ) or ] or ] or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   up
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive 1 packet using layer 3 and 3 and 3 flood variables now called_once_with make_boolean(1) -> none .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine the empty line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  runs a given graph of many model .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  model   model

test:  converts a string of integers .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return time-step string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  null   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  turns a unique state string .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   state

test:  get the last returndates of timezone statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   get

test:  run a command to read path .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return the expected expected keys in prefix with a given prefix .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  detect whether func is being a decorator which needs to the parent decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  detect   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an object from a s3 location .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  split filename into a .
truth: utility function . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  function   function

test:  divide prepositions .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  new total_seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  apply the first node in a sympy expression with expr .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  upcast arguments .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  directly 'pkgdb' this function returns the copy of glance modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  test whether the given function fails .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate if this decorator is a 404 .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo of uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  performs a connection .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  apply   credentials
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  make the time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  to   null
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  performs median/wpgmc reciprocal .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the session class will occur when raised if the session kwarg .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to human readable ipv4 representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to fetch the custom provider from a specific template cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  query   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check unix authentication and template value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get top spaces .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new private key with new value .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  return linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  turns   queries
truth:  linking   linking

test:  return loadarff of a text from a file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  this function returns a single # object obtained by the given file-like object .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given nan .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace any null whitespace to prevent side from a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   landmarks
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  wraps vim .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  private wrapper around the private and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the task details .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  select   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a single request which generates a constants high u .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   n

test:  return a list of available service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  call   call

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if or not an action is choices .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   query
truth:  null   action

test:  branch branch length that only window length .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return none if there is no results in the object object .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test the built-in servererror usage works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   app
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if tuples are equal .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the user can view the redemption engine args: translations : the requested code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   source
truth:  null   method

test:  return a minimally-quoted string produced by a sentences of words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  given   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit flag .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  the main program should be able to have a specific version .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the images table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  get the user name from the users .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  counts the number of too input input input has the permission stripped .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  counts   monitor
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a portaudio function that validates a job and its yarncluster class .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of type objects from the given type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that lists of params to params have valid mapping of lists .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculate column property of an derived instance .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file from a path .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  rename a directory .
truth: move a file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  move   a

test:  format the default text such that it is valid .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  format   prefix
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the user type of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a os for indexing values .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template tree and return the resulting xml tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  compares   returns
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for required fields in a given header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  generates   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  null   password
truth:  file   file

test:  print a histogram .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  displays   container
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns the addtogether portion of the given operator .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns string of space-separated entries .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  registers the list of strings .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  to   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load an empty plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  import modules .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  import   language
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the depth for a particular line by linter .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  replace   object
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random prime number .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively check all messages we can same way as name .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parses a introduction .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a command on the stdout .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return an appropriate number of appropriate target was found in a given target .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  create an image properties on a local image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  create   imageproperties
truth:  get   size

test:  returns a string with the version of unsafe .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  log   returns
truth:  undoes   null

test:  return zero row .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the video path from a file .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  scan   scan

test:  open a random integer with more than circuit .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and deployment name cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check a string of a boolean and return a normalized string of the units "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  close the getrlimit or fails if it fails to start .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   search
truth:  close   close

test:  start the rest operator from a salt:// stack .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  watching   run
truth:  display   display

test:  count the count of uninstall-before-upgrade in uninstall-before-upgrade .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   a
truth:  download   download

test:  output the image file to match the given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  output   markdown
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  get a user instance from a specific email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable or disable ipython cache .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a bytearray looks like the path looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  use   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return most appropriate deviation of shape onto most recently at shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   parser
truth:  return   a

test:  f(s) wrapper for issue #569 .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  files   a
truth:  list   ros

test:  tests how canvas takes a dummy version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return the supplied identity dict .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a setup command with tempfile .
truth: run setup . 
test:  null   run
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert instance into json serializable .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically call to ensure that config is installed and make it available .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for rectangular 0 .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether or not the users index is valid for the given string .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  turns   input
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the size of the object obj and its size in bytes .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of lengths .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a complete list of all tests in the current document .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return skip self-test calls osx and initialise .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  see url .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  url   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  get ordering of how to adjust metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  traverse   null

test:  computes average clustering of graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence satisfies a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  respond to the server and returns a stub object .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  sends   helper
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove an existing github member by name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate fixed ips by compute host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c types of u6s the typical types of two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test factor .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a computenode for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  opens a file content in the given filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  content   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns data from yaml file or the given problem .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  error   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar lt expr | recurrent le expr | empty .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   program

test:  converts a cache key to the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the file will read the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  close   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates a list of keywords that have the same settings as settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  displays   differences

test:  convert axis vector to domain of f with respect to the domain of n .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get multivariate hours with name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  elemwise{sub} -> int get the inner inner indices of just the inputs of an html int .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  null   maps
truth:  add   add

test:  an application id and a gui id uses it to extract the cached partition id from an hrd application .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  null   get
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries the email address for user by name .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   method
truth:  queries   queries

test:  load a higher order contractive autoencoder for a file on the data directory and train it to the dataset .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  extracts otu sample count of input format from an output file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  extracts   otu
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test with a default app .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  test   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the password needed to upload the given host+username+password .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  process   in
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether the given path matches the list of the given subset .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the node is a symlink node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   try

test:  signal: pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get the path of a directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate canonical pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert the sorted region of p .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields metrics available and build_configuration metric .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  null   function
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a file exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluates -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that only uses python constants .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   values

test:  returns the url of the service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  write   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  test some best' v2 .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the last threads of a thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main entry point .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get issues in a particular page of text .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  latex   a
truth:  github   github

test:  check that the repr of the recursive repr .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  function to clear variables from cjk .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  cache   reader
truth:  is   t

test:  creates a full database url for the provided database .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  assumes that the provided repository is found in repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove classes from a list .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   calculate
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the modjk information environments cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   stop
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform a command to read the globally-held file name .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  perform   restart
truth:  write   null

test:  check if proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export rawif method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the generation for the given special arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert the input to the underlying format .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  source   null
truth:  if   null

test:  hash off a xenserver encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  run a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  compare 0 into two strings of 0 and b .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check calendar updates report to make thread/comment sent report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  sends   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return the inset or directory for the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  return   run
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure hugs authentication based header works as expected to allow x-api-key based header based header .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   json

test:  sanitize a host from host characters .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run a command in a given directory and returns its output .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a default mkdir connection if not already exist .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant be created with an integer .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn allocations into a list of allocations provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  construct an image object unmodified using the given show/movie .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  convert   uploads
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a dict of locales to be embedded in locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  look   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* as vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as vrf controller for given prefix .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  evpn   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  null   version

test:  opens a single file using the encoding as a binary mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  open   a

test:  convert a datetime object to related rules .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if x is a valid curve contains a valid curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  filers call sampled / calls shapes .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  reduce   tree
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  tests the neighbor alignment .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  tests   implementation
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts a list of strings .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url from url list of url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  print the length of a string .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  print   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  the value of the jones function in a predicted image .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the string for the given file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the string representation of the git version .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a cluster with all nodes in the database .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for views which require an active revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  returns the file from every package that already exist in a given package and return true if the data is found in the given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively union a block field from the block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  lowercase   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns the value of the resource from the next request .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the user model class .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master facts .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  receiver for updating the refund entry and deleting a saved template instance .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is an enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns all apps that are configured in the application .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  sync   attempt
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump the device .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  reset   attributes
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is an edge set of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  add plugin translations to an plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  insert   compile
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return result .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  only use the loop to ensure that the dynamically are saved .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   return
truth:  indices   indices

test:  configure a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return whether a argument has a two or equal values .
truth: return true . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute mne observations using recorded installation .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create multiple n whose values are "directly" in the start .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit commit logs .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get cli example: .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the output of the user under the verbose web page cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  get   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert items or more than metadata .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  function that returns indefinite coefficient .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the url from artifact cli example: .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  algorithm   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  make the current directory path .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   directory
truth:  make   null

test:  attempts to exit a given thread name .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  null   infinite

test:  try to retrieve path and cache directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  to   directory
truth:  return   location

test:  return the correct password for a module or a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple that is not found in the dom .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  make   a

test:  test that exceptions .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  read   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  regression test for issue instance_id_mappings .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  return a list containing the first element of line with deleted .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  return   instances
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the epoch time in integer .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  start a particular command .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  print   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  converts a string to mobius objects .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is called before and then serialize it to a task .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  if   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure that we can load a specific object .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a disk check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the monit module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set with most specific template listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  potential the gradient of a hamiltonian object by exponential .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates an active url with the given rss url .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the x and y .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  set   fft
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   line
truth:  extract   part

test:  get the features app .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   p
truth:  return   power

test:  get the xml keys and returns an in-memory histogram .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the appropriate vms id corresponding to the given vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager that implements the stderr in a with statement .
truth: override sys . 
test:  stderr   code
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for the path specified by a script .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  return frequency frequency from frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   n
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a comparator of the wait function .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a in the database .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  creates   diff
truth:  to   null

test:  simulates out methods from the pandasobject class and returns the result .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace xml .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username for a user instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the header path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add network to a generic clause of the provider .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the first system system system system system system system system system system system system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file and returns the contents of the given file-like object .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns whether the given super has a super user .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a new gstreamer loop in order to create sub loop .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  create   node
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create new redis lock by creating an redis instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the file system path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests the bundle reading .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find hosts of an existing table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  find   check
truth:  alter   a

test:  a nth type to be checking for a type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  null   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  main method to run unittests with logs .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return the plugin module registration hook .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  discovery discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  null   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  sanity check that the proxy option this function should be automatically of the proxy config file or too rebuild .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 or more dimensional list of setting .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return versions that is not used to determine the version of the windows release version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   method
truth:  list   list

test:  generates a random api sample .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the document identified by curdoc()) .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the key with this key from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  find the unix revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  find   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets any field details from a kroneckerdelta instance .
truth: given a field . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return current instance .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the renewal file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for registering a role class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ask a io io by either an identity .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a boolean order .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  read a namedtuple dataset file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  helper to get an error code .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  send   function
truth:  build   a

test:  move the phone service notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that table is correctly of 'abc\n and that the string value of just a string value computed from the order .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a locale object that should be used to perform a locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get and time to insert an bootstrap_formset parameters to the epoch or group string .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  looks for the megam command-line tool .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  host   nltks
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  show a julian date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  copy a directory to the specified archive installed .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses a class to extract the given html page from the given html html .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  fetch the client .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test parsing strength .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  coerce value to a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  send an error message to a message .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  send   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the word line of a stack .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add specific user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   console
truth:  add   add

test:  converts a dict to a set of dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   number

test:  renames a file into a cascading .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   glob
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to create a class in a js future directory .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  render   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version of this package .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a collection containing the units with any units set of values in structured units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  handle start'] channels .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   gradient
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this function sends all attachments started .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  calculates the difference of two numpy parameters ts : ndarray .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  calculates   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check a string argument of cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  check   calculate
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all shortest shortest node coefficients for a given node .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of available results of output results .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  builds an http message of the given data .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create a client to the given application object .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  reduce a simple hash of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that last command output of never factoring .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the device .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   checks
truth:  removes   a

test:  example: 346-2001 json script .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  do   settings
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a message log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  find   find
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return a list of all available fix names .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   package
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a string is a valid dictionary .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the md5 hash of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  checks if string is an ax string .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the template context for the prefix and populates the template context with a variable containing that appends the prefix text .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an array of unknown values into a angle of dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string with one or more string path .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return integer from network byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes calls to zero for a given actions .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  fetches   problem
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sends logging to the most of the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  sends   find
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the value in which the password will be reported .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container at bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return the current hello .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  return some :jenkins-wiki:jenkins of a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator to lookup the key out kwargs at the provided function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  if   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the models for all models in the given output .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that an image has the given features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  checks   parameters
truth:  request   request

test:  make epochs on the current prepare .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  selected   exclude
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes from the dictionary that can be added to the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check a line of rabbitmqctl syntax numbers like ]start .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   strips
truth:  return   line

test:  indent indentation and others around indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  indent   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in an degrees of degrees into degrees .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that the function validator doesnt validate that validator for the given requested validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  do the given gzip and return the response .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  sends   func
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command with a subshell .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  converts size of a batch .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  calculates   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  checks if any name in the builtin directory .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   test

test:  asset asset view .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   a
truth:  del   a

test:  return a table of all required groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the current user is authorized to view the permission .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  check   redirects
truth:  publish   a

test:  rgb the string index]return .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  settings   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostats .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return lines with fully whitespace .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  to   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find child node with primary keys in primary .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  just like zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a dict mapping discussion_ids into an language number .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a matplotlib palette from a redis palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  list all available modules from the system .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop all containers that have a given container count .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  puts   containers
truth:  ensure   null

test:  probability of variation .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get the unittest attribute of an object by name .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  display html script for ipython images .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  display   links
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercises unless the content is a list of exercises wrapper .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  copy annotation between annotation and facts .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given two rows .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   eeg
truth:  given   a

test:  return timeline of the document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  url   state
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered descriptor .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   remove
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  60s all python plugins here .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  edit   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse diophantine equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return available calls to use in :math:ax .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  null   factory

test:  return true if s is a scalar-like instance .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare of the first kind of the parameters .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  alias for "camera" .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a message to the ordered response or the server .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  send   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the specified command to format .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   fs
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes the inverse of the first polar filter .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   randomly
truth:  compute   compute

test:  preface a network device with the given options .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  start   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install the base branch and installer for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this function generates an hashed set by re-writing 1 .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  function   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  email emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  entries   remove
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket reference from an images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  for what the first .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a string holding html .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of entities from within a repo .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   information
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the user is masquerading as masquerading .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an http response with a positive response body .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  format   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the given header is well formatted header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  define a calls .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  define   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  copies json to prefix and debugging data .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  map   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  converts a container object to its textual equivalent .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run a command on a remote host .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  helper function for well-formed vectors of an input axis : array-like numpy array .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates a databases server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return an expression that chooses a javascript_code or none .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  is   pkg

test:  symlink a file or directory this is not an experiment directory cli example: .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  ensure   change
truth:  create   a

test:  show an exception and return the given api .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fill the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  return a dictionary with information from an iterator of values .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  updates the ssh node id for a node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  updates   page
truth:  build   page

test:  the main task .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add nova function into given function name .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a command and update its disabled command on job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the facebook notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the object that will be closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set up the amenable alarm server .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a text to a list of text parts .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  canonicalize   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  validate that the user has correct states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator for methods which require methods which receive methods of the property type .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  sets the tag before the no arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  context   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  replace a description string by their types .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to yield a ccx of images in a with block students the course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   check
truth:  create   a

test:  test mime-type with bootstrap_icon .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  restart a particular page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  restart   diff
truth:  if   check

test:  string containing the source url .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  create all the rollback info with the given retrieves .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  to   convenience
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  matches a parameter_type_list_opt .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to temporarily activate an existing language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   endpoint
truth:  activate   null

test:  ask for an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  makes a dictionary output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  prepare   check
truth:  gets   null

test:  init_declarator solver to change the collections defined in .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   compare
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a subshell engine url .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   case

test:  set an explicit module for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  print the current transport setting in the salt:// approach .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  print   remove
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items or album into the lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  return true if the glob has all patterns that match the same patterns as the default patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  converts   glob
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve a dictionary of specific inference member from devices .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   attempts
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current asset asset asset for assign assign .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  suggest   null
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  for when svn threads was previously registered .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns true if the specified executable with the specified name .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with macos and the discrete whenever .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  parses information on none and returns true if the data contains .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   method

test:  disable testing in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  disable   reload
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  open a function or a string with the current argument .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a file key from a bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  call this routine as topology by the given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  finds the current determinant that this module is noted .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  convert all registered xml element in gluster order .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  evaluate concurrency stuff .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a unique auth property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print out the user for this script .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create cross-talk input .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  null   host
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running under windows .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry if true .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  to   run
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered function in reverse order so functions are executed last .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs light platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the metric module of the matrix and y on each axis .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   case
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  when a cohortmemebrship is modified .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list containing the regexp values in the pattern .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a host descriptor .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a list .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  dataset   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the list of request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an html attributes by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a wsgi tool shed tool shed tool shed tool shed (0) .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure a statusbar is cleared with a subclass .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  override   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   performance
truth:  read   traffic

test:  does the string with potentially or without various effects .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  stop custom app .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return module class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  module   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the iscsi output from available rules .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   namespace
truth:  get   get

test:  int64_t -> x times -> x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   calculate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return data with aes from key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   encrypted_data
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  return closed json signed call to talk to the client api .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to get the grains of a rubygems device from the proxied device and possibly the device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to parse the slice returned by a string mapping of the expression that have the correct namespace .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  sets   callbacks
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the counter bytes - the counter bytes - the 8 high bytes of the counter - the 8 high bytes - the 8 high by encrypting the
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  unset all keys in dict .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  filter state by mode cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  replaces   information
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  format label to log/print e-mail .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  svals distribution from distances .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  change   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the user has page rights or the string "all" or the string "all" .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   return
truth:  give   a

test:  return a dictionary of the same type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  name   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  given a file description .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  given   module
truth:  null   alternative

test:  the full html .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file from one word to another word word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  ensure that entry_points service passed in .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup the git configuration .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  pass   detach
truth:  detach   program

test:  performs quota socket .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  produce   t
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator that registers the attribute method of -= objects .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  converts the registry key to an required constraint format cli example: .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  gets the object that the given object exists .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  take a list of formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   formatter

test:  create a task info task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   a

test:  kill from point to the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  used to set a method with the decorated function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the daemon limit on the background thread .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  limit   memory

test:  converts any instance name to an object .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return table information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check the given text against the given content .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  required   null
truth:  check   check

test:  symbol -> str get the start of a module .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a single channel for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: ptarget this plugin publishes html requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   email
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  write the contents of a dict with python source code .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   kill
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates using init and f_i to validator .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add compatibile compatibile .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript string with the current javascript code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   js

test:  initialize the current database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long floating point number to the previous file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  attempt to word a voodoo in which extension launchpad .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  null   log
truth:  look   up

test:  return a list of files which are modified by the file having having to mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  return   path
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp console as a table .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  convert 'browser' data into one cluster config and used by the visibility cli example: .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  convert   dask
truth:  if   null

test:  gets language languages list from dict .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  supported   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   a
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the points of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  creates ported command .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  running   running

test:  test that methods that dont cause new-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  default   style
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the last cross-entropy of the form function .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   data

test:  warnings and translate data set in different memory .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  to   idea
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a comma .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   add
truth:  make   a

test:  runs the command on a remote command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  only run the expression in the expression provided expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a string representation of the user .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  get true if subnets is valid .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a slice with the invalid sequences .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log log message .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a dictionary with keys and the decorated function names .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  strip   replaces
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all modules names in this directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  returns   markup
truth:  null   lx

test:  attempts to get a certificate in a given certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if student has been resolved by status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  adds   api
truth:  null   method

test:  function used to convert an int to a time series .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  used   minimum
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a template and then normalize the resulting spec .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  make   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the files that have been active .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trying to create an s3 bucket name in us-east-1 class .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  fetch   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return the serialized information for the current host .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  simple function to add host to each line .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for a given model .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  returns   precision
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to background file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  pickle   function
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the argument string list of a function that takes a tuple .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for an array of nodes in a given iterable .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  converts the given string to an ascii object .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  yield   null

test:  yield chunks of n bytes from a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  decode   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the top with the given pid using the given pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  render the user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  render   return
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the cascade value by the xml element .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of sql pools for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  get   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create an edxnotes client by id .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that tokenize are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the minimum version of the object .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test when 02233 does not yet having right number .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager to catch python errors in code that wants to code .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   code
truth:  save   current

test:  helper function creates an image dialog and returns a list containing the given exception .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a scrollregion scrollregion .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get monkey property if it is an connections node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the dft density function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks if a meg or last sync is same .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return rules that has a met to be used .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  required   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the path that a default commands can be whose exit priority to set the default commands .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   alternatives
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends a template for a recipient template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   function
truth:  send   multipart

test:  give a version of the given ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  check   check

test:  looks up the first line in a given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  support   order
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores logger with logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns an absolute path for a sibling or a file .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the defaults and returns the configuration object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  null   null

test:  get the ascii encoding corresponding to an ascii string .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   null

test:  create a sequence of pool from files .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  create   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  windows doing url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  identify the client if an app is true .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  redirect with locale .
truth: user logout . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  5x5 string and got within format .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  string   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  wrapper around colvilles .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return ost from cur_time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  return a list of roles owned groups for project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  return   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  generates the cumulative distribution of an array x given by 1 .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  generates   x
truth:  null   null

test:  save the image to disk .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  save   images
truth:  process   process

test:  returns url to show the users output .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  launch data to an email remote app using development .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  write   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  compare replication keys in a replication replication .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  using   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  set the user module if the os linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  set   work
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a hash with the given name .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  show published dictionaries .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   users
truth:  published   create

test:  delete an ssl user cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a specific ruby or a dialog command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  takes a list of files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object containing a series of that module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   library

test:  check if the permissions has the given roles .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of releases sorted by querying a slice .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step in checkout without shipping summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  generate single image of a binary image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  null   null

test:  writes truncated activitys fastq channels .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   key
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe user before sending waffle email .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  restore   user
truth:  update   user

test:  taken from url .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  taken   use
truth:  return   a

test:  return an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  return   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  n324 weight + dbinstance .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  sync arguments from [glob]*_hosts .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  time   update
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  loads a file and return parsed locales object .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure all selected options are found in an option .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  selects   a

test:  try to find all objects in the default directory .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  import   a

test:  simple log lines in a subprocess .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  outputs   utility
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  deploy   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test loading template displayed correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  set the current request content in the entire string .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  set   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reindex intersection of the intersection of a set of data .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  update a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  filter parameters from a file at npz .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  hash the function call and run a function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the hour lists is also returning the hour of the hour or array_like .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a 32-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  parse a version string to the specified http .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used for testing .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  allows   data
truth:  null   frame

test:  registers a list of lookuptable handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  generates   remove
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish the results in an actionexecution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  show   null
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user has staff access to a particular course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes an error response name and returns a message object .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  send   parse
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a list of all available order .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   notification
truth:  displays   null

test:  return the given c{unicode} string for the given c{str} of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all instances for a user .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   iterator
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic mask for this channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to see if there are present .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  if   ip
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a media_list_player after use decrement the reference count of a media descriptor .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for its help error .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  missing   help
truth:  help   help

test:  make the image by a specified image on the moose .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see delete output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template and returns its namespace template name .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the minimum time time in this system .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  return a boolean instance class instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  password reset of requested projects .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   view
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  finds all simple rackspace between 0 and v parameters n : str simple rackspace .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  null   find
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a value to the negatives status .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  enable or deactivate a command command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  display   alias
truth:  enables   readline

test:  returns a finder function in the primary key of the resource .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts a line from the cluster or a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that regression estimator can fit estimator between coordinate and y .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   key
truth:  if   check

test:  generates log of log coefficients .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list_type : 'byte' < field_type > .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  return the url of the given code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a hash representing the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   member

test:  update an event model by data .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  null   s
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge all the entities from a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull the name function name from the provided function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  code   code

test:  verifies a password is hashed .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   a

test:  set the default value that matches the command line options .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  set   option
truth:  was   option

test:  send a message to the given attachment .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  file   file

test:  display a string representing a list of oldest information .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the http tool to session credentials .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a random image representing a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a supplied string into an unicode string .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all callbacks .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  set the guess value of the kern command .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   number

test:  activity controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   activity

test:  a query view rendering by a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  rendering   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns the version as string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this will return an error code for use in a <script> operation .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  make the command line for each db .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  make   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate an font object which contains the given font .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the wrapped function .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update value from string .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  change to rgb color space conversion .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find the multiscope of clauses from obj .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a string in version format to the form since the openssl format .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer | empty string .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  string = int2ap return int from digits .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   helper
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert the given value to a bool or raise .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test if a and b are a return if the same .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  adds api url to the site_url url with api creation .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  read a bad fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  =   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly linear unit function based in the log in y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  create   variance
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  delete the console file at the read location .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value of runtime-editable values from the minion datastore .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  testing log of scipy .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  array   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  edit   project
truth:  project   users

test:  emits changed event only when a user changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  simple purpose descent field fields from a field fields .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   null
truth:  default   html

test:  return the 596 tuple .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes a string from the <a> cmadatalogger .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  is   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  read an master and format to a file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  read   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  helper for doctypes .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  to   null
truth:  like   like

test:  check that the given service is found under the given device .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  determine whether all the given method in a dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  get the stop and stop messages of all messages according to the scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  inserts a file at the given path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  serves   a
truth:  split   path

test:  align the alignment method .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   returns
truth:  byte   byte

test:  guess the most common declaration_specifiers field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  based   attempt
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change a message to choices .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  pack image tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run for events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  check a pillar with the pillar for a specific state cli example: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  check   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  this creates a new mine to the new filesystem .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  convert   tree
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the cputime and their vcpus in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  return   cputime

test:  display config file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  config   null
truth:  config   config

test:  replaces commutative using form .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the output as a string for the given encoding name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the first network of the previous components of the previous model .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   n

test:  return the pem string used for generating opcodes .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  calls a module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial in k[x] to an ec2 coordinate .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   gcd
truth:  take   a

test:  ensure a line before extensions .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  fetch any tokens in a dict form of tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  test the 180 .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   pexpect
truth:  run   core

test:  check for multiple labels .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  check   create
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  invert the last paragraph of each string into clickable by putting .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete an existing service delete .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a center command on the given command .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return c[u] communicability for all node pairs of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shows the appropriate class and stores it to the data field .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return image information from the image at id specified in a given layer .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   json

test:  make sure that no day correctly .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  filters all active games that will be considered as defined in the list of modules .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the version string from version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given version .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  given   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  set the nodes in the set of node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume type by project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a simplified point for python 2 and 3 .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  create values from dictionary values dictionary .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   null
truth:  load   dask

test:  return a median vector of length labels .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  read out the data from the address maps to the values of a .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  read   in
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the "\ntry system can be out of renowned .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  to   test

test:  read a numpy array of data from csv file .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  read   flask
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  make   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize elements of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return the registry for the placeholders files .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from relative url of the file scheme and relative url of the file scheme to a relative url of the file scheme to a relative url path; hash
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  makes the api hook for a plain window based on the api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the default levels bundle filters .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve filesystem path for root .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs describing label .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of keys of s with at the given dict .
truth: s: string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the cluster to be slug .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   data
truth:  delete   a

test:  list the config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  list   files
truth:  return   a

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a rstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  calculates the mapping between target tag and unquoted mapping .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  launch   chocolatey
truth:  maps   maps

test:  download and extract data from the tarball .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  download   one
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq policy exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to calculate the cubic number of bits .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all requests found in a kb file .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the u'unknown' mapping for given user/group mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a repository .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  open   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  data - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   null
truth:  create   create

test:  carrier -> str delimiter library .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  null   state
truth:  formats   a

test:  like quote() .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  generate the capabilities blobs capabilities a given addon for the given addon .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a list of responses .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the value of transport is valid .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  dot dot weekday .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the container is defined: .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test single :class:curator .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  setting   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  make version of repr of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the app .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the average average precision .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along given axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declarator : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  converts a time string to an int .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root node which is an right tree or whatever the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  get   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean size: error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the jaccard matrix of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   test
truth:  considering   null

test:  the http builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  combine removed mapping coefficients to searches for consistency is_vim_object .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  in how fxa-authorize hosts .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  url   a
truth:  let   null

test:  create an interface for an interface which builds the entry in the database .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return looks like a actual file path .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the default context .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  runs   details
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that can safely be called .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculate checksum of commands which will make a checksum but with printf() properties specified .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test setting positions of [ch['loc'][ definitions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  setting   indexing
truth:  test   test

test:  return a valid message message for a text file or ipv6 expression .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  return   function
truth:  check   window

test:  calculates the parameters by copy if key exists .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix and git-describe(1)_ ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  finds treewidth of the graph onto n node sets .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate over a nexml file handle components .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a regular expression object the search for a regular expression .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  loads all the subscription by the subscription .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  loads   checks
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing from a non-editable dev .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get the output of the source and return values .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  get   transform
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all versions of a list of loaded modules .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  running   running

test:  add a given language or not .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  add   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that turns on setting public api handler .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  watching   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return if the line is line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string percentage percentage percentage string percentage of / .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of valid fields along with basic versions .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  log   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find path to the provided path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   directory
truth:  find   a

test:  upload a json object to a given sqlalchemy object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set a sync if needed .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  set   sync
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to frappe specific variables .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  updates   app
truth:  set   app

test:  place that the request is an recognized or the components of the server whose names are what we want to use .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  place   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return entries information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads egg uploads .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  upload   pricing
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  return a random array of probabilities note: this is a pair of integers .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a valid permutation name and returns a boolean containing the form of a users notificationsetting .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a key representing a keys key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this function returns the best mask for the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  set   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse the server/portal site object .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve information needed for interacting to pass them to the file .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the path to the collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unquote the given document list in the current document .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  unquote   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tensor of array x in convoluation .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  null   x

test:  get the most recent cart from the request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  basic implementation of theano .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  read an iterator from a stream of tuples .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   keyword
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a full stub template .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  close an global service instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  stops   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type of sample is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case links in different locations .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  call flask api function over 'proxy .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call some old function with the same name .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  call   access
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  return the center codes of the given language .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  assign   command
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: of saturation for a bug .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  read   null
truth:  set   set

test:  sum newaxis]return wavelets .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  sum   mean
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  loads   null

test:  does this process returns true if gid the same location .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  cast   directory
truth:  are   null

test:  adds additional tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  adds   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the mimetype .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   search
truth:  file   file

test:  this should be used internally within np .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  get specific field value from a redis hash .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   set

test:  construct the path for each attribute that are not an array of the path .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this will be rendered with the course_id .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   json
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  check that the cpu compiler class .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  simulate   compile
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random string in length of "b" characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  attempt to escape a string in a specified name that should be inserted into its invalid values .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  to   python
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check that the user has complete access authentication and complete .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  request   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   function
truth:  send   packets

test:  return the standard bit of data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  render an appstats template in detail .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  render   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect to the server .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the datastore compliant file at the given name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  to   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> f(x) return the string representation of the substring .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the row and save it to buttons .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  an xml functions that asserts the root root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  creates   shell
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return true if filter contains supported plugins .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  keep   null

test:  return an element of a function to first func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get an individual website url for the same parameters .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   a
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  enable all repositories for the specified pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  display the login to the login file .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  generates a set of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  bartlett covariance matrix assumes we have a hac function assumes we have a hac with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  execute the sql query from the client .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  generates lists from uptime .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  list   list

test:  source_url - bt .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  function   email
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should unicode output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show a list of operation .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule and return its regex divide .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   queries
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration info from one registration and registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  overridden the value of a variable in a variable .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  replaces   one
truth:  try   try

test:  concatenate entry symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test intervals of numpy .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  construct a colormap .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an integral manifest in the given target directory .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an nginx site to be installed .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   function
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the id for a key in the constraint .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  load   controller
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert api document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   adjust
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return whether or not the value is a valid string that matches the following part of a security string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  string   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  check __init__ .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  taken   path
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure its easy to route the type types .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  request a new step instance jboss_config threads to do .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  request   factory
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a action for an action that returns the parent .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare filesystem fill from job to the job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  null   method
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file or unparametrized server .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  workaround   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  test if a gravatar matches the given email url .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  test   url
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  display   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main entry point to the server .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  setting   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby to all documents in ruby ruby the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  log a rule to the next rule log message .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  log   call
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that all running tests .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   information
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  when the services are not need to show up from a setting such that fields .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  a function that uses root and returns an instance of the command line .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse file in new units .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  check if the session cookie is logged in the current request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   list
truth:  return   return

test:  set user authenticate to use .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  set   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calculate the average chi of a gaussian distribution .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  change the order of columns to order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  change   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole dipole mask .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   len

test:  test table functionality .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an instance of a list cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  transform a method by id into a tree .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  transform   view
truth:  given   null

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   univariate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that group ids need to be a valid child ones .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks whether the user has entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds or positive timeout seconds called in milliseconds or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  escape entries in string to escape it using an empty string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  list items that are not a list with specified length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split text directives .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  take   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get the correct key in the pool key .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively checks whether d1 are subsets in dict .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a slice with the index that will be interpreted as the string with the index expected value 0xab .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  parse   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  finds coming that arent increment strings from specify .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  block   block

test:  returns true if given formset is a valid ipv6-address where the true for being a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  saves previous command down a temporary file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with valid output .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  sets of hosts only @hosts hosts defined in a list given .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  sets   tests
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves an best order either the first recursive u_2 u_2 u_2 or .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network domain object by its path .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the default tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  read raw data from lims .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes text .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of plugin files inside the directory: plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return 3 version-based of datapoints .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a single tag value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tar a network object from a file in vmware format .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  decode   filename
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a bootstrap host in an twisted .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  send a single url from a url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  given   null

test:  entry point for the celery app .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  changes   start
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the mtime stats from the file update any of the mtime in seconds .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   python
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  expand workaround to skip tests using signature .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  validate a value of .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  time   time

test:  return the cosine step of a given ndarray .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a copy of an object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete data deleted from json .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  adds the users home page .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  adds   method
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple from hex sequences .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a cursor from the current cursor .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test gpu inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get info about last updated changes .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  get   redirects
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return featured activity references of the current session .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  raises   mute
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the multiple environment cache file to s3 std .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   connect

test:  test reading column metadata .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   dict
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists in this node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   files
truth:  module   module

test:  append a fake http request .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  append   a

test:  run the vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  run   groups
truth:  get   get

test:  find international but not in a particular source or a string of many tail .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  find   array
truth:  return   type

test:  parse a date/time of the given string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  merges x by a time series with an arbitrary distribution .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  evaluate   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns disjoint disjoint atlas of graphs .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether a course is enabled for the given course_key .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply the linear operators of two linear operators .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  wrap a function so that the arguments gets added before the connection queries over the checkboxselectmultiple .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of grain .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the finder class described by the string .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  get the configured lxc path from path string .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  perform a string superficially argument .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  extracts   s
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  helper to find the full set of ssl certificates .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  load config from configuration and create command line when throw an ismaster dict .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  config   a
truth:  copies   copies

test:  parse a single device cli examples: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that the signature has a valid certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the theme css file .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  find indentation in a string with unix number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  find   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  return a value in the imap field .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  imports   transform
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier by multiplier id .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  return   add
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a string of html to hex string with rgba hex string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the module name .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  create a test suite .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   testcase

test:  return all *x*-axis urls .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  a nice instruction some initial internet .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  import modules with the requested module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  loads   module
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that type of its texture are valid .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  make   assert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return whether user is being used to new minion .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are deleted .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string from a registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  get all user credentials .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get a pointer to the thread-local numpy random state .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a valid datatable .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  get user to mongodb null dwindle .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  get   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  project a class to an image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update addons+collections tasks .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the name of the cpu cpu flags .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all known item found inside the provided list of distances .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  last access serializer of the form field .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   links
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track the covers component .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   states
truth:  track   states

test:  extracts http http token from the given response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over the successors in the graph .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is not passed in .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  display a random random identifier .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read info from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   feature

test:  given a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  empty   a

test:  deprecated: cache presents multiple emails to check cache .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  email   email

test:  three slice summary summary of an expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  is   args
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the flips of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  computes   power
truth:  null   range

test:  runs forms .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string can be cast to another .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the given url to an http url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  add   add

test:  checks whether an exception is a function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the 2-dimensional of a batch .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   headers
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to find the most displayed uint8 input .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  to   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  return the standard deviations of the values of an expression .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   deviation

test:  migrates for setting github node settings .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  migrates   hgrid
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of names of the object names in this format:: ['tmod .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the last line of the provided string .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces username of a user .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  adds   in
truth:  remove   a

test:  lowpass butterworth filter - analog filter .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  takes a list of pairs and returns a list of pairs list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a single microsite for a given argument .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  get   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the path to the device with a given package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the cloud automation to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a string report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  make   a
truth:  input   number

test:  return the catch from the uh client .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  return   records
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the logger and logger .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string or a warning table .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  retrieves a gravatar avatar for profile .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns request status for uploaded status .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  request   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import an module given its name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that soupstrings works .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create new test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  function   app
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download a file-like object from s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start new thorium .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to a file system path name contains unsafe path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  helper for type of a class near-enough .
truth: version of node . 
test:  tuple   processor
truth:  null   version

test:  send pixels data to certain ip .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  if so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an array of non-zero elements of type by angle types or selected recursivemiddleware recursivemiddleware : theano matrix s : sympy non-zero elements in sympy examples .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a function to the primary keys .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  moment elements of a distribution with scale and scale using either scale or distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   one
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  returns a list of the ifname pattern .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  full transformation of the wait .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  verify the number of a given server and all default logs profiles .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return a list of tuples of all files from the list of accepted types .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  checks the credentials of the falseattempts api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test if an curve curve is not a valid curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files in the correct page .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  files   null
truth:  is   null

test:  watch a user .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors to the kb contributors .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  upload   render
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  aux function for eigenvector .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   component

test:  compute a matrix .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert the input zone to a timezone aware utc timezone info .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  get the running container .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  relu the derivative of the hyperbolic list of active and descriptions .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  enable or make the last two axes .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  make   seconds
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container as complete by one spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  is   teardown
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan scan command to return default python binary string .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  list   directory
truth:  performs   a

test:  little meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  set   input
truth:  ensure   a

test:  find the requested interactions pointer .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  determines   map
truth:  null   null

test:  return the flocker node label on an nodes .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the list of exploration objects for the given version .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a row containing a low timer file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   plots
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert an integer into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the request for pade bokeh to work with threading code .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a "start" command .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  add   split
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the key pair pair with rsa .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   student
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing pickled .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  to   test
truth:  evoked   test

test:  take the infiles line of infiles lines and return the stripped string containing the infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  given   apply
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for missing groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check the type of the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   metadata
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all available vm files on the minion .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for flattening .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   urls

test:  convert an image into a new image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  features   features

test:  test normal form in a given record that does not cause basic locks url .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  starts a server from a host and wait .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   accept
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two items in a sequence .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  query   query

test:  call every model over the full model .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  sets   time
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled given derivation to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  check if a css of the css selector has present in the template .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  turn multiple reactor objects into python restructured hostname .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  null   build
truth:  build   build

test:  n326 - use isinstance() instead of policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  iterate   check
truth:  look   null

test:  get a url for the admin get request from the __builtin__ .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extract bcpy from a bcpy exception .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   x
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to a hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   errors
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the executable location of the given executable and the number of autocorrelation is returned by the executable we want and the number of autocorrelation .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  send   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the url .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  uses logging to print admin logging handler .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  uses   information
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode s string into an elemwise string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  s   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get a repo from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  list   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask for an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  display   null
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator that returns the slug for slug .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether a user has fulfilled to the course id .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a oauth2 class to the appscale api and has a galaxy initial .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  show all status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a new tensor with 'shape .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return tuple of fasta filepath from list of fasta values .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  list   a
truth:  read   data

test:  normalize raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  load   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an integer to a special format .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decode html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decode   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder this assumes two groups/clusters is signed .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes a string so that it can safely be quoted .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  escape   sets
truth:  null   in

test:  return the namespace or raises invalid values .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   names
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from a stream of data in the given file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   messages

test:  make sure that the html writer if the fast parameter will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not initializes by the multicol parameter / columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test line option with an empty label label .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  converts the current value to a stream .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  converts   enable
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  retrieve folder apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  loads   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get account from account .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave climate platform .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  converts callback name to utf-8 .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  process the index file by flattens a full disk .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  process   get
truth:  host   host

test:  test that an accept stub can be loaded .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the default url for the google thread .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  null   a

test:  add a module to the contextstack module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   a

test:  test writing report report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adding   test

test:  returns decrypter data of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  mask   generation

test:  save and set views to views in the translation .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   a
truth:  convert   image

test:  gets the tool shed changeset repository and its owner in the specified tool shed .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  calls   maps
truth:  return   a

test:  log a message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  output   function
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns the arguments passed in cache .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  given   redirect
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns an ordered list of local plugins file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   resource
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take the image memory and convert it to its image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  take   felsenszwalbs
truth:  increase   image

test:  render text or rendered template file for a given template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  specifier a list or dicts .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  walks   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  create a caller_stack .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results from numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set processors if its configured .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   a

test:  get a session object by name .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the module name for the given package or module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  run the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  run   edit
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  if shape of an existing string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts names to its string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  format a list of tuples .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry the exceptions if gevent is not gevent .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  is   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent the build properties on the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that value is a valid wamp wamp comes .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   in
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the value corresponding to the ctx_rev .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the list of ip addresses cli example: .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return date in the datastore where the date was located .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   string
truth:  given   values

test:  finds feedback role with feedback number of authenticated role .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  extract   null

test:  run a string with an ascii string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a tuple of the lib2to3 of the values .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find identity pool pool by reattempt and depth from a list of identity latency .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  convert up to a number or a string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  round   method

test:  pass me a link and return a dict proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  pass   links
truth:  return   a

test:  for testing .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assert that some images in src and rms .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns local image properties for the given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  is this service that can be available in the services cli example: .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks an one of a package on a specific server .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  lists   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  reduce all the given workers with the other workers and b .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a working directory containing all tools .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  accepts x .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  =   function
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  helper function to merge contents of an xml text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  function   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  stores the file to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate location .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new options dictionary .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily revert entries in the specific module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   a
truth:  place   a

test:  use duplicates to preserve list preserving order .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a tuple representing the current dimension size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get a string representing the cpu cpu seconds .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  remove a directory or directory .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin introduces a list of builds that the whole build .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a release in the query .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   keys
truth:  remove   data

test:  replace values that are producer in a dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource page header for flexible .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from saved samaritan" files in tidy5 .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   github
truth:  is   null

test:  a view that shows a users password .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  converts a namespace list of network script into the address and the associated latex_engine .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  makes sure the current command and default arguments .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a line from the specified plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list locally installed modules cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  to   try
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled u'reference' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns a sqlalchemy model field by a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a lcm b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the vlan iscsi object and the vlan with the specified interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  pads a sequence of versions from a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  gather   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the adjacency matrix for g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download application data from file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if module is in allowed .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  tuple   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  helper to format a string of characters containing leading newline .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  to   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return descriptions with a person volume_type .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   child
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds one or more remote host cli example: .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  dictionary   files
truth:  files   files

test:  the json stats when player is a dict of categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  stats   instance
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the series series series of n x compact packed bytes .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an opcode to an integer .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the longest for each interface .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  approximate diff between a diff .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  base   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  opennebula the variance .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  20 through specified repository and returns a list of repository dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  support   install
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  break   pointer
truth:  start   start

test:  handle paging any ssh messages from dimensiondata url#discussion_r22221123 any ssh server in the pre-certmanager handle providing the server .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  tell   paramiko
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  move or decreaste a message .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  move   php
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add the given elegant to an object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create container volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of items from an item by key .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure unicode passed string with an ascii text .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  return   a

test:  the prefix for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  null   completion

test:  ensure that a string is an object .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escapes   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  return all registered modules that are not loaded in the breadcrumbs .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  detect   list
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the number of users .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  some checks about the given css file to plot .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  put   accept
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  sample sample elements of the integers .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   n
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension from the student date .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection and close down the close connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test converge for equivalence .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   io
truth:  io   io

test:  replaces options or more input stream .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of client-side .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a group .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the simple norm of a version-based matrix by complex networks .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  gcd   benchmark
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting task will check for all errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a formatted message corresponding to the versions .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  analysis analysis : array including multiple indices in a sparse matrix .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to format data over http or raises over http header .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  sends   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical volume from a thin location this function is logical volume group of thinlv it is valid logical volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate up array of samples .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get the number of positive n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named service cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chkconfig
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmarks of a server .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  registers a few exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  make sure logging / lookups .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  make   calling
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily disconnect a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  disconnect   method
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger all exception in given period .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  function   check
truth:  run   run

test:  return all the results in the given node .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  validates pacific color by b[i] or comments .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  validates   compatibility
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the multiplier position of the unit .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether or not the current date is verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a new command to add the processor .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert a object to a dict .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response to return a response .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test with duplicate duplicate text for members/properties .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   groups
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy engine for the specified engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  opens a file and exits files from a file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  opens   download
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object to a string or a possible object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  translates   like
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the syntax from iterable offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   offsets

test:  return a list of extension names .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  return   profiling
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  gets a sequence of module times and schema objects .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  rename a longer than it .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  does   null

test:  sets up a single function .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  set   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  sync the data in a given entry .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar from gravatar content .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the trace of an array along given axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used instead of _ when creating translationproxies .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  middleware   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the number of binary .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   get
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator to count the same function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for the main process .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run lang-code from bom .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  run   ipython
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential by a vri .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   analyze
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a fake sample from the triple-quoted mode .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a json_formatter for the specified plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given class is abstract to check if node is abstract .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the provided server .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  return a list of directories .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  defines and return the settings that should be identity .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets from the uri .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the powerschedule version of slack and the slack will be used for no effect .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  backend   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  read html encoding .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   handler
truth:  takes   null

test:  random the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sort additional items by kinds hooks .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates with the highest quality .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the checks for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  strip whitespace from a text with a given length .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a list of services that are assigned to sort the lists in the list by their index .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  anybut(s) is an re which matches any character which is an re which matches the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return string representation of the string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  string   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule has specified permission to be created .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get useful information .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  null   disk

test:  filters keys from list of parameters .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  returns static func2 .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive and set the result to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes ifname or right interfaces from the ifname right driver right will sort all its alphabetically .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply tree elements to book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  apply   back
truth:  link   link

test:  get the status with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an status key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of leading filter names in the given string .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new nbits flag string for nbits encryption encryption modes .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing a wheel as installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  store an instance to a document and store it as private key .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  store   null
truth:  format   format

test:  function to create an new user from the aggregated table .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs parameter signature .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  check if target was set to db .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  if   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  create an _make_increasing_ohlc() .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test that handling of a particular event .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   sql
truth:  test   event

test:  convert a trace of paths to a trace in use .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  splits   decorator
truth:  clean   up

test:  used internally to be able to sort an hosts cli example: .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  used   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the page class for the request .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file without error .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   image
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from logger .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return hex encoded md5 hash of string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  hex   null
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  request configuration about configuration problems .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  request   null
truth:  config   config

test:  test proxy .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   check
truth:  create   create

test:  lambda lambda function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  quoted   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  return the nth .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy type from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create data to a supported quality for the specified data quality formats .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  used for relative to empty a relative url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  preview of a confirmation page .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert a dict with final keys that turns all the keys in final .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the key name from the specified column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  format a filename .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  create   checksum
truth:  to   try

test:  return path to the datadir config file if exists .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns an url to a url with the current url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a conn object .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test with iscsi management management .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  starts running tests .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the separate clustering of a given tree matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data matrix to an index matrix by the data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  code   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class object for a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  check the + sampled 1 .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  like   like

test:  return the specified item in a byte string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   x

test:  send the current ip in a new user .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  allow   process
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  change the daemon portion of the given list of filesystem filesystem .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  change   action
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  builds system target target .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array of all numpy arrays .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read edges in a boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the running xlsx version .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test variable with env on oo_openshift_env if the files already exist .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this test reveal a bug with a valid flow .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   null

test:  check for git source and discover the version of the database .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch data from a repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   in
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops of two points .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  logout handler for confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  prefix   eip
truth:  view   view

test:  convert a state in dns format to boolean .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  dumps attributes given function or cmdmod classes to metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  if   return

test:  integrate norm .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  calculate everywhere reciprocal parameters x : int number of points in the ordering of seconds .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  value   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  fix fingerprints lists of jinja resources .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  filters   bind
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  retrieve shortest markers .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   generate
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  return a json representation of s .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  s   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the nbunch of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  call datetimes on each string in tarball .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  call   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert items to an schemas of hoc schemas object .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   get
truth:  known   get

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the first node which will represent the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  run a test suite .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  run   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get flavor metadata fields based on the flavor metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gives email preferences for receive preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  take the cached version of a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  take   convert
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a function object for the given name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to add a function signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  to   hosts
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on freebsd systems with eselect installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  table: a list of classes of a given list of classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  avoid   quote
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease ip address from host .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   get
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute filename in the directory of a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system filehandles target .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  null   sphinx
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an ip digest string from a human readable string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  get the touch directory path .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generates a copy of the given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  symlink a theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  link   link

test:  returns path to the 'paml files for the given 'paml dir .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert size in bytes to human readable format .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  configure   truncate
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current time .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal central moment / variance**2 - 3 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  a fixture to make a fake node with name auto-correct : string name of the test .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the pids of a named command .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  return   error
truth:  if   null

test:  match a range of strings .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets filtered by user .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress s data in the given data file .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  dummy function of numpy .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a style number is present on the given number of models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   sync
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the standard value of python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a twitter zone to a new unique zone .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if this request is an open request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   hosts
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a mako template with the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  return   context
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the cover controlled .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the argument passed in by-reference key .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested marker and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_forward_char .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   startup
truth:  test   test

test:  close serial tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify model numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using single layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of gru labels .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   work
truth:  null   null

test:  write a string containing a slot .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   function
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time time player .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  html page .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   html

test:  compute an 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for a single dimension integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  get simple templates at the given email .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  grant   null
truth:  load   data

test:  stop the virtual environment .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  find a true if the given string is a regex .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package and original config file .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  check if string is an error .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the esxi module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds properties of bytes to bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  the confidence average of rate by dtype .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  is   initialization
truth:  null   null

test:  handle positions'widgets of the user .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  resample the image of a given image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scaling   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  child : pointer < field_type identifier = const_value directly .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a directory and all its files .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  return top version of brands when brands to safe brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize a on an object .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write all open graph g in and triggers new target .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes a confirmation changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the locations of a given object .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  a function to kill jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  signal   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  return first word of the first word of the first word in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   binary
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   in
truth:  projects   projects

test:  return the email that validates the given host and very letter :returns: the uploaded .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  detect if jail table is available .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return pending ip .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  account   factory
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack a drivers driver based on the filename and apply the list of * values .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  add volume types to volume with description .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  set   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  return the minion display command for the given number of events .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  return   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute course size parameters endog : ndarray the confidence url-safe : int number of | sqlalchemy et al .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  logs a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  logs   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the given name .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute l21 inverse of the ratio matrix .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  look up the value of an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  look   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a password in epochs to an ssh scheme .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  turns any second encoded values into byte string .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the cookie in the requesting a graph with the requesting one .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  initialize a frame .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  makes   waits
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the memory usage in use in hexadecimal .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   memory

test:  only use ansi input chars in a string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given security group with an security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount current hash root to which to install cli example: .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pickleable a thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  if   image
truth:  get   get

test:  assert were readme to long str .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  get the 'like' and representation of a few connection type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  same as a hex hex hex string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  iterate over n items in a list .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  provides a dominating neighborhoods node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the sample to the users tarball .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a random uniform uniform uniform of uniform uniform generator the floatx spec of the floatx uniform should be floatx .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  null   distribution

test:  like json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  like   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front group size of a front image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  adds value into a string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  value   replace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating socket port .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group metadata .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   process
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  import modules in this module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian parameters criterion : ndarray .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  write   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that symbols even if possible .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard garch process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove multi-images from the input source and end of the chunk .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll students documents .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  ajax view with a listed forum forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path from the given object .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a list of elements of the elements in the trace list with the trace and the trace list .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the script components of an passed command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  change   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds comments in tabcommunication for given request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  adds   ancestor
truth:  update   update

test:  return system memory .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get data of a trust model .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a query for email pids of a query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  return   return

test:  install the default package with prefix .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the fake value in a category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  the mandatory cobbler registration registration hook .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  return line data from distribution .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  return   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  turns the files .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   check

test:  change the username of the password .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if bytes is valid .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  plain html character or case-insensitive latex .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall a specific implementation of ruby implementation to which the given ruby for which to install ['reinstall' ruby the ruby should be the user under which to connect as rvm
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if the data passed in is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  sets the test client .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  track   track

test:  api to helper api service hooks for github webhooks .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   api

test:  generates total weights from a dict with more than one weighted sort .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get an sqs secret key from a sqs datastore .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  format format matrix to a human readable qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  format   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform the regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write the standard history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  save   null

test:  makes a parameter dictionary of parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log parser plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal routine to build commands that are available .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform an xml document of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpu in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote quote characters in a string to underscores so that it is an ascii string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts object obj to string by 4-element types .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and the result .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no longer necessary .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this function does a finder of the string monthly .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   show
truth:  ask   null

test:  this function checks if an error is valid .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  function   validator
truth:  goes   null

test:  shut down a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  grid wrapper for [0 .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return the name of the object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details of a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   details
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  return the url of a url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  do   a
truth:  add   auth

test:  returns the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  import a graph object that will return a matching graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  import   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  compute uniform linear and the input matrix .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  parses mpl tree representing tasks representing python related to python in a tuple .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert a database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape special chars for shell usage files .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  ignores the return metric value .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  formats   setup
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization of an organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  purge   null

test:  get a list of users that have been load .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   verifies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a password exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert an object to a dict .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a string consisting of selected class types .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  evaluate a gamma by n zero .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a field label string into a given app_label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  take   a

test:  compute link to compute .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  null   set
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new profile cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a persistence in the pennies graph g to the converts .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  return   matches
truth:  null   price

test:  utility function that takes a figure and a number of times .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  linearly a random integer size given a number of :exc:assertionerror .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  create a new :py:func:parsedotval .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  convert a sympy to a list of strings .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a 1-hot encoded memory into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  default   default

test:  launch photo of many front50 process .
truth: map command . 
test:  launch   process
truth:  command   command

test:  disable action environment .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  create an array of all the following: selection .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional printed version of args .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  indexes   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc object or name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract tags from idlelib file sensor only aware properly nodes .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  return   message

test:  replace i:length values of a partial ndarray by performing a scale .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  copies   scaling
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates an existing figure with the function set .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  creates   update
truth:  create   create

test:  add the results in the payload to the given authentication .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   method
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all available urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the user preference with the specified key .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  get   errors
truth:  deletes   a

test:  undo the default pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  undo   page
truth:  null   null

test:  get current table indicated by the terminal .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  wrapper to convert two or more same path to same same b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate case of the given expansion too much .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create an energy .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   function
truth:  given   a

test:  test modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles configuration for user detailed : boolean cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  list   list

test:  returns an appropriate main url in a main request .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  code   ip
truth:  if   null

test:  test when .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the default vlc class .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified data amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the policy name for the specified principal returns {tagged: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the host .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  return a decorator that enables the document .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a literal clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return the md5 hash of the new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all existing response classes .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the specified command against the terminal description .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  format   format

test:  apply the wont function encoded .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list q for :py:func:~mrjob .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  guess   returns
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get the volume of sound cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  lists   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to get trace from a list of polynomials .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to get/create a user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile the sanitizer file object so that it returns the path of images in an arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send the notification invoice invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   notification

test:  list the file and info of a perl letter cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  updates global state when a task has been created .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode value corresponding to unicode .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a lambda function where a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  configure the default pywinerr interface .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reset password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  password   wrapper
truth:  sends   a

test:  add -> str the string s to the time .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the last value for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain option to its final activation .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the availability entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  load command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  command   tests
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the string representation of the human default-setting params .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  extract   multiple
truth:  used   function

test:  make sure a state is changed .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create an rpc object that will be updated at given number of rpc .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  null   create
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the list of *abstract* .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where the reconstruction of a reconstruction is properly .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  print and flushes without delay a single file .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute cleaning cleaning .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  create a string of byte random numbers .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  filter parameter parameters may have the provided parameter .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if pid a process has an name .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  returns   monitor
truth:  provides   null

test:  attach comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts all uppercase sequences into one that have already been previously constructed by the provide .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is an iterable or if x is an iterable containing a str which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  removes   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the application that connects over the given application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  function   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the of oo from oo disconnecting is valid .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes a remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a lvs device exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  pick   pick

test:  ensure a case fails with failed .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  model   a

test:  set the value in the dictionary keys .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the default image name from a new label int .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   image

test:  removes all playlists text and updates_series (a) .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  removes   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  sets redis redis pool object .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  split a list of tuples .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  config config .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  config   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action action for a configuration .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  return the storage for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validates multiple information for a group across multiple fields to the mapping of them .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  a test must raise valueerror if table['c'][ are not in python .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   registration
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine with 76103773 .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compile the string obtained by the python string in the replacement string by the replacement pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the directed graph of each graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  weighted   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  equivalent to the issue class .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   helper

test:  updates output with http error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  output   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if params is using platform .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  access the outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  swap   check
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  return a key file path .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  a pickleable view function to make sure the notification users 1st is not a json file .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   in
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether the checker looks like a static tool looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   get
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load the config file specified in the configuration .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  rough wrapper for comma-separated outputs a header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  debug   links
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all result available in this result .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   replaces
truth:  list   list

test:  list points in a cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  fetches   keyspaces
truth:  show   show

test:  set the stmt document sets in the document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  set   pull
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade setuptools via sudo command .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  interfaces   verbose
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  helper decorator for creating a "changes" dict .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  null   create
truth:  index   index

test:  validates the given text of a hylist address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  return true if the list of cron modules on the system .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   list
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the given hash is authorization .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  prints out an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find the data in a given string .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate a decimal value validation .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format 'non [{'source' list .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  sets   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure an action is enabled in the specific config .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deploy an application .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  log out .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   asserts
truth:  adds   null

test:  require a repository .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  break   configures
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait for remote filename to reach remote files .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return metadata about the image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  return   names
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test various buckets threads and sender their corresponding buckets threads .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of directories to be listed in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  parse duplicate reflog .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  parses a url into relative urls like and relative url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  upload images into the file to the filename case of this file .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  upload   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile the python function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decodes coefficients for x01 filter in x01 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  is   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) to a transform b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a astropyloader integer from a decimal message to an integer .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert fraction to float with bytes .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return mixing matrix for attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a valid object .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  return whether this function is very expensive parameters d1 : int number of autocorrelation [1] .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  float   a
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with pygal color codes .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  text   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  connect the device list .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the norm distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   cone
truth:  computes   null

test:  regression test for issue divide .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   python

test:  filter out file containing git checkout .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional return shared .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one letter variables parameters nm : int number of all against one variables .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  step networking %}:: .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  lowercase   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  render a member handler .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  render   view
truth:  run   security

test:  parse datetime object to rfc 3339 .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default finalizers .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  sets   default
truth:  default   default

test:  converts string to sizeof string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns the apropriate dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  request   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that value is a valid varint .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches query .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a class to be called when packed is called .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  stop a given containers count from the system .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  verifies   fingerprint
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads adds adds adds adds text:: .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  loads   command
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns a boolean if the file as path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the sql server .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   url
truth:  print   print

test:  helper function to get blocks across all blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   a

test:  custom list of user input .
truth: get slug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students instance and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  attempts to retrieve the authentication token from plotly and return the response .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this function maps some different ids to the given sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a slice frame by creatematrix users .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  get   append
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  like   like

test:  helper function to determine if values is displaying contours .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   console
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  extract data from a file system .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  decrement   get
truth:  caches   caches

test:  determine whether or not an iterable was available on a specific service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  search   search

test:  separate blank lines of class definitions in class declaration to handle them .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  separate   null

test:  sends an email .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  see   null

test:  code that return to/from failure in the struct .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  null   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a syscontact device .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test intervals against samples design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  build   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create a temp file path which should use with the given paths .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  import   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an unix timestamp to datetime object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  checks to see if the response has a given headers .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   object
truth:  adds   null

test:  create and initialize a sequence of tuples .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  draw one instance of payoffs specifies .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  generates   show
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether server is tabs in array_like .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  check   up
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options to use .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a file path .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the directory to the control segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get a colorized of parsed keywords keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the specified service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which returns a mock requests .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  produces   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  given a function that takes a list of names .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  list wheel files in a path .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  cache   shows
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if logger is a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  set   set

test:  get all tasks available by status cli example: .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  get   response
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  temporarily remove the given protocol and then writes the corresponding output .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  function   kernel
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  checks for a given rule in a policy .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the ip address from a python dataframe .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an object into a list of tuples .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create named link for a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  using junipers variables .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  using   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  redirect to the asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  solves an homogeneous order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  setup the default ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  creates   null

test:  decorator that skips test classes in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is redirection .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a loader modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a single pattern cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  package   package

test:  if there is no subnet group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  iterates over the dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the string in frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  block   block

test:  test invalid event validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   options
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of modules to we need to change modules to true on this list of modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  see statsmodels .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  correct   in
truth:  output   output

test:  plists may have a runatload key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  get   null
truth:  have   null

test:  implement indexing on a new function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign signature from string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   python
truth:  push   a

test:  if group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict of item ids .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  *cmd -> struct_time callable with an optional action .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  string   msg
truth:  function   function

test:  return a new list of all valid terms of terms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  move   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   a

test:  returns file object containing the profile images for a provided filename .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the name of the device cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  returns   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output print output to stdout .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check 3 of precision .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   fix
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator which evaluate a dotted request view .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  evaluate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return path .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  internal parsing window .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   stat
truth:  function   function

test:  use an xml string to display a long interface name .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set all or specified keypress a specific keypress .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for missing and does not throw an exception .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mac a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  retrieves all metadata from either metadata or metadata .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  unpack   dispatch
truth:  set   metadata

test:  v_1 decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package with the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a test suite which expects a warning and refresh all commands .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  make a documentation to xml .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the data filter from the given data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compute the rate of a pixel' rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   image

test:  sum of the elements over a given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  sum   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split start and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  get the widget from the django site .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  get   widgets
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue on the salt command .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   update
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list  l .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes to human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  helper function to convert a gluster device to a gluster device .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  function   return
truth:  list   quotas

test:  recursive helper function for parsing .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator that converted to protected extra data structure .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   google

test:  return the unicode value for operating system .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   media
truth:  if   null

test:  extract data from a string or string .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  update   update

test:  run another command in the comment global variable .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute regression labs from p .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   regression

test:  return dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  add   hash
truth:  nested   update

test:  set assignment type for course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for image details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  return the energy of the first letter .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object that will use an anonymous page .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an media string of all files of a given resource object .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  store   store

test:  returns data from sparse matrix with sparse ordering .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a package with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  run --> ax^2 .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  run   method
truth:  to   method

test:  return a copy of the keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  return   value
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  custom event resolve to embed a node this function returns a list of all traversal that are on the flattened node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  write   debug
truth:  output   a

test:  returns the app .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  respect two axes entries into the diff lists .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  given   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  convert name to a suitable for display name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  name   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  gets unique name of this file in filename .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  gets   download
truth:  creates   a

test:  marks the iterator as no time .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  marks   check
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   get

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user; only the container parent mask cli example: .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the graph for the given graph class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  formats a warning for testing .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns list of tags for existing tags .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options line to parse the command line in options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the name of the current profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl acl into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute risch by transformwords .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the current script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given time has been before the following one .
truth: run some function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set up the coinmarketcap sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  native native sets within the python process .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  look up a user in dev import .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the path for the relative to translation .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   path
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   interfaces
truth:  bind   bind

test:  create a new application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   a

test:  uninstall a task with the task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a session in .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  creates   directories
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the string from an sql statement .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  display a lift offsets .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  fill   get
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the arithmetic mean of an image .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract breadcrumbs from a dict of entity json output .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  compute   export
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  allocate an rpc instance from the pool .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  compares   one
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes and sign a checkpoint checkpoint checkpoint checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  function   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  shapeof timeseries data to get some simple elements of the database .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  supported   generate
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns a multi-index with standard sampled of the standard value from a color .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all the [minimum specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that duplicate matrix make sure that duplicate duplicate .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   max
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply two linear operators with an data .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  given a resource path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test that twitter link with a valid plugin case .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   test

test:  wrap the callable object from the local hardware associated with mro .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the metric distances between x and metric .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  check that optional in dict are required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an image from the cluster .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  matrix the function to handle the size of a function .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a bytes[ bit unsigned integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop the value of the container .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get local path from local .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a transformation .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  format a single search dictionary .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current axis instance .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  patches and merge multiple zip submission submission submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  import a module based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two strings into one .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage that were deleted .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register registry points .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  form   access
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a digital filter transform of length hilbert transform .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  take   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return an iterator return a copy of the string s converted to the ascii .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  read   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return crl parameter should only be called with a relative url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the application as defined by copying series of expr .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  deletes the given item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  deletes   item
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample size of data to output table parameters biom_table : 2d table object of the sample table : what sample files of .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state state state strings into a sort of tuples .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test the average incorrect of ignored score .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   loop
truth:  test   a

test:  gradient gradient of an error squared the ridge stochastic .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common absolute path path if common is common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the wsgi wsgi key from the wsgi wsgi server .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the request using the request level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  adds   a

test:  find the extensions for a windows file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be an users in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute discrete observations of h within a general model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run an args['compile subsystem on a client .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  sets   html
truth:  compile   compile

test:  this function is called by the user .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  request   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is an error option .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validate   optional

test:  gets a tuple from a profileentry mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  sets   try
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value that matches [+-]?d+ into an integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set current video video .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   new

test:  get projects and cache the projects .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  read   environment
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if the given filename matches any common patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the preferred string out of a python string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  return   s
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the restful handler for a course and the given course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  perform a new distribution dataset if scripts is missing .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  collects   python
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text events; call directly to emulate a key press appends the global _keybuffer .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  deletes a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return the path to the relative url .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert alternatives or pip interpreter into account path .
truth: format sys . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  format   sys

test:  return an array with the dtype and dtype .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  checks if server is given as specified by c{maintype} .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check version number of freebsd installed and cause the version string to the desired version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set path for year:e to owner cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the locale for an option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a userstory points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  set the current exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for the cyclic of two directories .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper function to calculate the average norm of the input along the given axis .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a valid output path into a valid output path .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  do   attribute
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the tls state for the current thread .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the slug that a slug and checks whether the search should be a string that returns a :class:datetime .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if *obj* is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns netrc auth for netrc from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of error definitions from another zone .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  return   device
truth:  null   device

test:  receive a memcache object of the given user .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  reload of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  return users access id .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple wrapper for the first cost roots assumes the square roots was the series of the first axis .
truth: given data x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of the specified name cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the specified sound .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  list   price
truth:  run   run

test:  run set of reinit command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  set   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  signal handler for the longer than or equal to the signal .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  ignore   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  test to return the end path .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  to   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create and initialize a new subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add and waits for the given zc instance .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  block   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  converts a list of json identifiers to a tuple .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  null   core
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if we dont have the worker with its pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   print

test:  removes the query string from url .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to detect if engine is a decorator .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  robust neighbors to the relative path of the overhang memory .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  send all responses to ccx courses with responses to responses the responses for the ccx courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  send   function
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap an xml string with base directories .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  wrap   equivalent
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css file with the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  set   sys
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a quadratic si string to a si number of area .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change the kubemaster for a chart palette based on frequency .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  specifies   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create web path .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the list of sax by the surface .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if we know about an indexed field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prepare a plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  called   restart
truth:  saves   null

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the services available for a service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  converts the value to an int .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  for a bug in the struct .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a callable set .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text into text and edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns the country calling number in a specified region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a string containing the needs python version .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a function or check class priority .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  updates all the widgets of the password .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform an image name and store it to the location .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  default invitation page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  used   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change a representative bit descriptor .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  change   pylint
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the 'graph' graph in the graph g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a babel unicode representation of locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a sympy expression into parts .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  creates an userid/groupid field for use as an value field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a bad pandas@pandas to the pydata that runs this module .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  display a resource .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  display   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post number of text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   part

test:  build the dict for a given lun lun lun id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   header
truth:  builds   null

test:  compress a tarball of it exists and return its full path of the header with archive configs .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  get   new
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  gets the number of total percentage for this query .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  list all available build applications on the query .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  print   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load a aliased triangular module .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  update   mark
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the named library is present in the hadoop and the object .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  performs amqp exit code .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the or the current axes in the next axes with the next axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if package_check is not passed parameters svd : bool or reset .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device cli example: .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets a key and prefix of the given id .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears internal caches .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate a random string of "b" characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that exception is usable in a version of a test exceptions .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  retry -> httpresponse handle func with an @interruptable decorator and osx does not handles vlanhost calls osx .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  remove all tests in the directory by the path .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute from a string path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input equalization .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  let base64 encoded string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  main section of a file .
truth: main program . 
test:  collect   function
truth:  null   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  lash   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non symmetric input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an undirected graph for the undirected graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked to the dataset .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify the number of vat number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the complete complete graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a path to the filename of this script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  version string into the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  string   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test scaling of scaling lookup policy class to change .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   node
truth:  if   url

test:  return whether obj is not changed as a changed object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert rational notation to a specific integer divided by comparing notation .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  convert   media
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if this minified a square can be an integer on this site .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize the string type of a specified dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  take   a

test:  split line titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  test whether or not an expression is a sympy expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  function   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a new directory of path and all the files .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  check   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  switch the list of organisations a single organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  show   get
truth:  list   list

test:  select a hotkeys command with a string .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  open   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns an iterator of all collection of the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single filename count .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible alias .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the subelements from a various segments of a turns image .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove globally files from an existing file .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate body at the given sphere at a file .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  wrap   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the deltablue sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a tree .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the date to be used .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate a valid datetime .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert decimal integer in n order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  function   upgrade
truth:  convert   integer

test:  load a time from the input stream and return the string .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package atom is found in this imap .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of ids from the id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version from the number of ports using latest version .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   version
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an object from a newline .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  creates   normalize
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to an identity error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  import an image .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   null

test:  create a function that will run a thread in a reactor .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns stats of subprj exist .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  flip   fixture
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper that transparently handles bom encoding .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts any value in key to the key .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  get   opt

test:  copy keys from the host into the 404 name .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  *s* a string n from an integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates requests requests .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   helper
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this function creates an type: report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  create   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  n344 - check for translations not import neutron .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   check
truth:  -   -

test:  reset queue with given set of devices .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  work around python bug #5117 .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  work   a
truth:  code   code

test:  ensure volume has volume id .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  trivial   return
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an array where each element are the same memory .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  extracts the map from the human-readable string .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the default controller from pr table templates - used for adding/editing certificates .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into method in a transaction .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  is the given argument to build settings .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return true if there are no results in xblock that have no results .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filter the list of file names from the given list of names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   rfc
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of all nodes that are supported by the version cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  list data for a split_options format and raise an exception if its not valid .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  if   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of padding by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  makes a number .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the signal of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  adds mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if jid can be cast as a valid jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a new usage message for master cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  load   cluster
truth:  obtain   a

test:  run a list of boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  run   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if field has more than one field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register classes by the given type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   function
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if i is a sequence .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert ipv6 address to its ipv6 address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a new endpoint .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string of random bytes .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  digest -> package-level .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  reflect   returns
truth:  slice   slice

test:  display information about a request .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  display   pass
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  internal helper that returns the right sub-types library .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   helper

test:  list tags of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   null
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  runs a command .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  return the exported class of the domain to the domain as a string .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  a relative path to the classpath relative to classpath classpath .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return all available for operating module .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test serializing language: .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  makes sure the switch exists .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  makes   djangos
truth:  execute   a

test:  move all valid account account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  move   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an action .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  split an namespaces within the xpath root .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  force   null
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function for a channel keys .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  function   transformation
truth:  get   row

test:  compute the 2-dimensional correlation filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  compute   axis
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate raw product .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  order   reverse
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input logs cli example: .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  returns link with urls that returns link to link .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  link   link
truth:  get   get

test:  copy images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  superimposes   accepts
truth:  function   function

